Jane loved disney princesses. She always wanted to be young when she was young. For her 21st birthday, he boyfriend took her to Disneyland. She couldn't of picked a better holiday destination. Despite her age, she got pictures with all the princesses.
Jane loved disney princesses. She always wanted to be young when she was young. For her 21st birthday, he boyfriend took her to Disneyland. She couldn't of picked a better holiday destination. Despite her age, she got pictures with all the princesses.
Melvin is a dancer. He feels a lot of pressure to be skinny. One day he tried throwing up after eating. It did not make him feel good. Melvin doesn't want to throw up again to be skinny.
Marge was an all star cook but an even greater baker. She cooked the best red velvet cupcakes and won many competitions. One day she competed for the title of cupcake queen. She placed first place with ease and was crowned the new queen. She remained the queen for as long as she competed never to be beat.
Tom was out putting up christmas lights. It was cold and slippery. He was on top of a ladder. Tom slipped and fell off. He was injured pretty bad.
Today I went to cvs. Peanut m&ms were on sale. I wanted to buy some. I put some in my mouth. I ate all of them at once.
Milton was a drunk who enjoyed making his nieces and nephews cry. He was three times their age but enjoyed making them angry. One day while drunk beyond words he slurred and fell on a child. It was his own niece and she was hurt pretty bad, she broke a leg. The family banned him and he became a homeless drunk.
We would go to my grandpas property every summer. We would play baseball with our cousins. We would spend all afternoon out there. It was so much fun even though it was 2 on 2. It is one of my favorite childhood memories.
John jumped out the the plane, terrified beyond words. He pulled the parachute cord but the chute didn't deploy. John scrambled for the backup cord, certain he was going to die. The backup chute deployed! As John floated down to earth, he felt more alive than ever before.
Marla needed chips for her football party. But both grocery stores were sold out of tortillas! She wondered what to do. Then she decided to cut up tortilla shells and fry her own! Her homemade chips received many compliments at her party.
Mike bought lunch for john. The next day Mike expected John to pay for lunch. John told Mike that he wouldn't buy Mike lynch. The two argued about it for an hour. John and Mike decided to buy their own lunch moving forward.
Samantha didn't know who her biological parents where. She hired a private investigator to find them. The private investigator eventually found her biological parents. Samantha contacted them and agreed to meet for dinner. Afterwards, Samantha kept in touch with them.
Tim was born a boy. But he always felt like a girl. He decided to have gender reassignment surgery. He soon looked like a girl on the outside. He was so happy to finally look like himself!
Val started experimenting with drugs at an early age. By her early twenties, she was an addict. She stole from her mom and lied every time she spoke. By thirty, she was living in an abandoned house with other addicts. She died there, surrounded by trash.
I was watching tv one day. I reached for the remote to adjust the volume. I couldn't find the remote anywhere. I got up and looked around for the remote. I finally found it under my couch.
Tommy told his mother he wanted a god. She agreed that they could buy one. They both talked about what they wanted from a dog. After a lot of discussion, they decided on a terrier. They were both really happy!
Suso hated being late. So she woke up as early as possible. Ultimately though, she missed the train. Suso was bummed. She had to take a cab instead.
Ren asked a friend to write a report or her. It took her friend a few days to prepare the paper. They exchanged the money and report when the paper was due. After the class, Ren received a phone call from her friend. She was mad since her report received an F.
Chuck is an amature body builder and is huge! He wants to switch and become a marathon runner. It requires a very different type of workout than Chuck's used to. He found a program that can help him make the change he wants. He signed up, made his goals, and got to work.
After debating for some time. Larry decided he would give in to his son's wish. He drove to the pet store down the street. He spoke with the store owner which led him to the birds. He found himself purchasing not one but to parrots for his young son.
On a sidewalk i saw an old man carrying his heavy bag. I helped him carry his bag along to the bus where he rides. He bid thanks and he wants to give me money. I didn't accept it because i'm not expecting anything in return. Then he said he admires me of my good deeds.
Sally was desperate for money. She needed to pay rent and was backed up on bills. She took out a payday loan to keep afloat. Now she is further in debt and more desperate. She contemplated suicide when she was evicted.
Jacob was an interpreter in Iraq. He was on a convoy in the desert, when they hit a mine. Jacob was taken captive by ISIS. He pretended to convert to Islam. He dressed up in a burqa and was able to escape as a woman.
My daughter's friend has a hippy mom, S. S loved to smoke pot at home. She would get very talkative and friendly. One day she called me Sam instead of my real name. My daughter's friend was mortified.
Yesterday I saw west side story. I paid a lot of money to get the tickets on Broadway. However to my dismay my seat was horrible. There was a rip and I could hardly see. Thankfully they gave me a refund.
I wanted a new kitten. My husband told me no because we didn't have money. I was very upset because I love cats. On my birthday, he surprised me with a kitten of my own! I was overwhelmed with joy.
Phillipa baked a cake. She put on chocolate icing. She gave it to her sister for her birthday. Her sister threw it at the wall. Philip knew her sister was allergic to chocolate.
Peter felt trapped after Years of working in an office. He felt that his cubicle was almost like a prison. One day he decided to quit his job. A month later, Peter ran out of all of his saved money. He wished he had his old job back.
The guys all went on a trip. One of them brought a case of four loko. It was an alcoholic drink that had caffeine. Needless to say they didn't get much sleep during the trip. Afterwards they found out the drink was being pulled from stores.
Bill like to play basketball. He played it whenever he could. He was was playing with friend one day when he jumped up for a dunk. But he landed on the side of his foot. He could play for months because of his broken ankle.
Dominick got out of bed after a long night sleep. He thought he wasn't tired anymore. He curled up on the couch after getting his tummy full. His dog jumped up on the couch with him. They both fell fast asleep.
Eve didn't like Ruth. Every day she picked on Ruth. Eve tripped Ruth as she walked through the classroom one day. The teacher saw Eve and sent her to the office. Eve got detention for two days.
One evening while out at the bar. Rodney has a few drinks and some nuts with his friends. When Rodney was getting up to leave some man calls him names. Rodney asks the man what his problem was. The man told him Rodney was the problem and they began to fight.
A few Year's ago, my kitten acted ill. She wouldn't eat and wasn't playing. The vet discovered floss around her tongue and snipped it off. After x-rays, they discovered it was in her intestine. Surgery led to the discovery of 12 feet of floss.
Queen Desiree was a single widowed queen suffering from sadness. She ruled an empire and was loved by her people but not a king. She had lost her husband to an assassination two decades earlier. She started to lose her mind and with that her capability to rule. She became desperate and hung herself in a last attempt for affection.
My dad took me fishing. As we stood on the bank, I looked down. There I saw a small green snake. I wasn't afraid of it. I even bent down and picked it up, thinking it was cute.
Carlos bed was very old. He needed a new one. So Carlos threw out his old one. Carlos drove to the store and looked for a new bed. Carlos found the best bed and bought it.
Every year we all put of the tree. Sing songs about Christmas. Even when we don't get along we come together. This year I knew was going to be different. My father wouldn't be here this Christmas.
Matt wanted to play football but everyone said he was to small. He hit the weight room hard. He also worked hard on the treadmill. Matt bulked up and increased his speed. He made the football team as a wide receiver.
In April, Bob decided he need to do his taxes. He gathered all of the information he would need. He went to an accountant. He answered the accountant's questions about his income. The accountant prepared and filed Bob's taxes.
Tyesha favorite band is paramore. SHe found out they are performing in the next week. She quickly went online to buy tickets. Next week comes, she attends the concert. She ends up having the time of her life.
Gina's mom was sleep on the couch at her grandma's house. So Gina couldn't watch TV. But she wasn't ready to go to bed. She decided she would read instead. But the only magazine her grandparents had was about News.
The kids loved snacking. They got a big plate of cheese slices. They ate them all while they watched a tv show. They were still hungry! They found another block of cheese and sliced some more.
I left early this morning to get my dog's pill. I got to the vet's office before they opened. I waited in the parking lot for them to unlock the door. I went inside and paid for a heartworm pill. I took her for ice cream on the way home.
Jess needed new clothes. She told her mom. They went on a shopping spree. Jess was able to get new outfits. She was glad her mom took her.
The people loved Halloween. They bought boxes of decoration. They couldn't wait to put them all out. When October started, they covered their yard with spooky things. The decorations look great!
Wendy was trying to find the perfect gift for her mother birthday. She went to the mall. She went to the farmers market. And she even went shopping online. Wendy decided to just make her mother a birthday gift.
Billy was happily playing with his toy truck in the street. Someone called the cops on the autistic adult. Billy's therapist tried to calm the situation down. One of the cops shot the therapist. He later apologized, explaining he was aiming for Billy.
The other day I made a grilled cheese sandwich. It was very tasty. It was so good I wanted to make one for all my friends. I bought all the things I needed to make a lot of sandwiches. It turns out that my friends don't like grilled cheese.
Ashley had been working hard at work. She always got there early and stayed late. Her bosses took notice. They called her into their office and offered her a promotion. She happily accepted.
I sent flowers and a big cookie to my wife for V Day. I sent cookies to my daughter. I sent these items to work. Their colleagues were impressed. I was glad to show my love.
A friend told me Lime juice plus Kool Aid taste really good. I did not believe him but asked for the recipe anyway. He gave me me the same recipe that was on back of the Kool Aid package. My friend just add lime juice to the Koolaid recipe. I made the recipe and discovered lime juice Kool Aid really is good.
After the beating, I felt very sore. I had trouble moving around comfortably for days. He told me it was all my fault. I had driven him to do it, and someday I would marry a man who would. I didn't believe him, and was determined to make sure it wasn't true.
Martha was suppose to pick up her daughter from school. She had overslept and was late by 20 minutes. Her daughter did not speak to Martha on the car ride home. Martha apologized to her daughter at dinner. Her daughter forgave Martha for being late.
My wife and I were suppose to go on our honeymoon. When we got to the airport our flight had been cancelled. We were extremely upset. The airline offered us a better and longer trip for free. That made things better for me and my wife.
Cassie's Mom packed her lunch and wave her off to school. Cassie was looking forward to her lunch. When lunch time came Cassie couldn't find her lunch anywhere! Then Jen started laughing and told her she had hidden it for a joke. Jen returned Cassie's lunch with a smile.
Ellen was sad because was very poor. For school, she had to wear her cousin's hand-me-downs. But when she looked around her class, she saw something. Half the students were dressed much more poorly than she! From then on, Ellen stopped pitying herself.
Brad was going to buy a motorcycle. He bought one and rode it for three Year's. His wife started getting upset because he was always on his bike. Brad ended up buying his wife a bike as well. Now Brad and his wife ride together all of the time.
I went to get my birth control prescription today. The woman at the counter asked me why I was taking the pills. She told me I was too young to be having sex and to reconsider. I'm 16 and I don't take the pills to have sex. I take them to help control my outrageous acne.
One day i overslept and was late for work. I was so upset that i didn't hear my alarm clock and that i was late. On my way to work i saw this horrible accident. Later i found out that two people had died in this accident. First time in my life i felt lucky and blessed for being late to work.
Pilar loved to eat fruit. She heard about a nearby town that had strawberry fields. She decided to take a day trip to get some strawberries. Pilar spent the entire day in the field picking strawberries. She left the field with over a dozen baskets of strawberries.
My friend was hurt. I kicked him between his legs. I missed. We were juggling a soccer ball together. I thought it would be fun.
Rob had a new toy. It was a drone! He loved flying it around his neighborhood. He took videos with it as well. The drone was a fun new thing to play with.
Scott has felt increasingly unhappy in his last few Year's in New York. He decides he wants to move back home. His parents begrudgingly allow him to move into the basement. Scott packs up his things and sublets his tiny apartment. Driving out of New York, Scott feels both relieved and nostalgic.
Kay didn't enjoy raking leaves in the fall. She would often hire other people to do it. Sometimes she let the leaves just pile up. But one day she decided to start raking them herself. It was a good therapy release for her after a hard day's work.
Jeff blew up a cherry bomb in the boy's bathroom at school. He was able to get away without being caught. The cherry bomb ruined some of the pipework. The school had to call a plumber. The school was closed while repairs were underway.
There was a storm in Tom's neighborhood. It hit a power line. Tom thought the sparks were cool. He got a bit too close. Tom was electrocuted to death.
Tom had a two sided coin. He would go around making small bets with people. He would always make sure to win. Eventually people started to catch on. Nobody would bet Tom anymore.
She blamed me for everything that happened. She blamed me for stressing my father out, thinking that killed him. She blamed me for my grandfather's pedophilia. She blamed me for her own shortcomings in life. I wanted to walk away from her, but didn't have the strength.
Taylor is good a working with his hands. He decided to get a job in carpentry. He worked very hard and learned carpentry skills. Taylor decided to use his carpentry skills to start his own business. Taylor soon transitioned to work only on his business.
Alex was at target with his mom. They were shopping for new towels. Alex wandered over to the dishes aisle. He spotted a Spider Man cereal bowl. He begged his mother to buy it until she gave in.
Leah worked around the clock for weeks. She wanted to impress her bosses and get a performance bonus. At the end of the project, the performance bonus was announced. Leah had earned $5000! She felt so proud!
Tom decided he need to save more money. Tom cancelled his cable TV service. Tom also stopped eating out every other night. After several months, Joe looked at his savings. He couldn't believe the difference such small changes can make!
The family had been car shopping for weeks. They got a fancy new car. It was the nicest one they'd ever owned. They drove it around town to show it off. It was a great new ride!
I asked my husband to go out with me. We looked online for something to do. We found a new snocone store. We woke up our boy and went to get snow cones. The cones were delicious and soft as butter.
Ben had done ten Years in prison. His release date came, and he was freed. Ben collected his things and left the jail. He looked around outside, shocked by the changes. Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time.
Stanley visited the public pool and went for a him. Since his hair was wrong, it got tangled beyond repair. His dad didn't like his hair at all. He took Stanley to the barber shop. The barber chopped off all of his hair.
Andrew tried to push me on the floor. Although I held him down, he kept on fighting. Therefore, I held him horizontally and threw him. He horribly landed on the concrete. He remained on the floor for several seconds.
Liberty Johnson moved in next door to Alex Fields. Liberty had a sumptuous body that Alex admired. He would spy on her from his window. Once Liberty caught him peeking, and undressed for him to watch. Alex was so turned on he passed out.
Nathan bullied a lot of other boys at school. He found great pleasure in it. One day he bullied the wrong boy and Nathan got a black eye. He went home and his dad bet him even more that night. Nathan knew his violence would never prevent his own abuse.
My friend Marc setup a server for us to play Minecraft on. We all signed on to the game. We started playing together. Before we knew it, four hours had passed. We were having so much fun we didn't realize how long it had been!
I started my new job yesterday. I was extremely nervous about learning everything. However, my first day went really well. By the end of the second day, I felt like an expert already. I am so glad I made a career change!
Spencer saw a kickball head his way. He didn't know if he should kick it. He decided to kick it. It hit a kid in the head. Spencer felt really bad.
Timothy entered a gas station in Los Angeles. The korean clerk kept looking at him because he was black. Timothy confronted him and said what is his problem. The korean smiled and said that Timothy went to school with his son. Timothy felt guilty for judging koreans for being racist.
Beth was excited to go to the mall on Friday. She had just gotten her driver's license and wanted to show off. On the way, she decided to listen to some music. She got preoccupied trying to put a cd in the stereo. She missed the red light and ran straight into another car, killing he.
A young boy named John joined the military. He thought he was defending his land. In his years fighting he became a man. When he finally left the military he wasn't the same. John saw nothing worth saving in his home anymore and ended his life.
Emily had been a stay-at-home mother for two Year's. Although she wanted to be home with her kids, she began getting bored. Emily decided to look for a part-time job. After job hunting for a month, Emily got a job as a secretary. The quiet office kept Emily refreshed and ready for home-life.
Mary baked her first pie. It didn't turn out as well as she thought it would. The crust was burned and the fruit inside wasn't that great. However, she remembered that practice makes perfect and tried again. Each pie after came out better, and she was happy she didn't give up.
Dan wanted to take Lily on a date. Dan asked a friend of Lily's what she liked to do. Lilly's friend told Dan that she enjoys walks in the local park. The next day, Dan asked Lilly if she'd like to take a walk with him. Lilly said yes!
Lisa was ten Year's old. She wanted to watch a scary movie. Her parents forbade her because she was too young. She ended up watching the movie at a friend's house. Now she is afraid that aliens will eat her brain at night.
Lance was deciding weather to come out to his friends and family. He was very nervous about the whole situation. He decided he liked boys instead of girls. He swallowed his pride and decided to tell his mother. He came out of the closet to his friends family.
The spy was going on a mission. He had to infiltrate isis. He tried to join and they let him. They later on caught him taking on the phone. They killed him.
My husband came home exuberant from the flea market. He had found a portrait of his favorite musician. It was a painting of John Lennon with a guitar. He was very proud of the painting. He hung it over his desk so he could see it any time.
I was about to go inside the store. I realized I didn't have my car keys. I locked my keys in my car by accident. I had to call a specialist to help me open the door. The service cost me a hundred dollars.
Bob was feeling very tired everyday. He decided to live a healthier lifestyle. Bob eliminated all processed foods from his diet. Bob started eating fruits and vegetables in all his meals. Bob had more energy after changing his diet.
Melinda was hungry. She bought some pasta at the store. As she was making the pasta she called her friend. Melinda's friend came over and brought steak. Together, they ate the steak and pasta.
Fred rode his bike to school everyday. But one day, he saw people doing tricks on their bikes. Fred wanted to learn how to do these tricks too. He spent his time practicing. And he was able to earn lots of attention from other kids at school.
i got a stain on my blue shirt. someone told me that bleach takes out stains. i used the bleach to try to get the stains out. bleach also takes color out of clothes. my blue shirt looks horrible now.
Ray bought a new phone and was playing with he. He was walking as he tried out the new features. A dog suddenly ran past Ray as he was walking! The dog surprised Ray so much that he dropped his phone. The phone hit the ground and the screen broke.
I wore a cheap ring yesterday. It looked pretty. But then I noticed something. My finger turned green. It was horrible.
The girl was watching something riveting. It was a documentary about a trial. She sat on the edge of her seat until it was over. She googled to find more documentaries like that. She had really enjoyed the film.
Anger raged inside the man as he listened to the people speak. They were plotting against him and his family. He knew that something must be done to stop them. He withdrew a pistol from his jacket and stepped around the corner. He fired nine shots and the people lay dead.
Last night I had the most fabulous italian food ever. I went to Bertucci's restaurant and it was amazing. I ordered pizza and it was delicious. I would definitely go back in an instant. It was the best food I ever had.
One evening while playing baseball in his yard with his brother. Justin slips and falls while trying to catch a ball. He lays on the ground in pain. His brother takes him inside to look at it. His father eventually comes and rushes him to the hospital.
My roommate decided he wanted to hire a prostitute last weekend. I wasn't home, so I never saw her. However, I knew she was here because my Rolex watch came up missing. When I asked him about it and what he planned to do, he shrugged. He just said stuff happens and to get over it.
The model worked very hard to get ready for the fashion show. She only ate healthy food. She spent hours at the gym. When it was time, she walked down the runway proudly. All of the designers wanted her in their show.
Tom felt weak. He started to faint. His sister helped him up the stairs. She told him he just was dehydrated. He had been playing football out in the sun.
Hilary was a woman who was destine for great things. She spent years working for her government. She wanted to become the very first woman president. So she ran for president. She became the very first woman president in her country's history.
Wes did the laundry. He put a red towel in with the white ones. It turned the white towels pink! His wife was not very happy. She made him buy new towels.
Amy's high school had 2 building connected on the 2nd floor. Amy had to go outside to get to the other building. It was cold and she hesitated to open the door. She ran through the snow to get to the right building. When she got inside she slipped and fell because her shoes were wet.
My brother loves to have a light jog around the park every sunday. Each time he jog,he saw the elderly woman sitting on the bench. His curiosity, he stopped and walked over to her. He asked the elderly woman why she's always there every sunday. She answered, she wants to remind her husband who had passed away.
I warned my children not to kick the ball to hard. The children continued to play wildly, kicking and throwing the ball. All of a sudden the ball went over the fence into traffic. The children looked surprised at what happened. The children put their money together to buy another ball.
Tanya needed more money. She went into work and decided to ask for a raise. Her palms were sweaty from being so nervous. Tanya met with her boss and brought up all her strengths. She left work happy with a pay raise.
John got hired at a circle k. He was working the night shift. Someone came in to rob him. He gave them all the beer in stock. They got away.
Tim couldn't clean up after himself. He decided to get a house cleaner. He looked up reviews and asked around. He was able to find someone he trusted. His place became much cleaner.
I just read that our BSO music director got an award. I was excited, and looked up his recordings. Spotify had few offerings a few months ago. They had more now, including a Grammy winner. I played that album this morning.
I wanted some Jello. Alas, I did not have any Jello in my kitchen. I decided to buy some at the supermarket. I bought lemon-flavored jello. It was delicious!
Calebs favorite tv show is Shadow of Doubt. It is a show on the ID channel. One day he wants to be an investigator. His knowledge of the subject is pretty extensive. If he makes the cut he will be an awesome investigator!
Lenny heads to best buy for a computer. The employee figures out his needs. He arrives at a new HP model. It's within his price range. Lenny is ecstatic to be leaving with a new computer.
The skeleton had laid in the tomb for thousands of Year's. It was extremely brittle and must be handled with care. The archaeologist knew this as he skillfully moved the bones. One false move and the find would be destroyed. He loved his job but the pressure was intense sometimes.
Jessica didn't like to drink. But when a superstar offered to buy her a drink, she accepted. She drank as much as he did. She agreed to go to his hotel because she needed to pass out. When she woke up, she knew she had sex but hadn't agreed to.
Morgan loved her new present. It was a doll. Morgan named her and brushed her hair. She carried her around with her all day. The doll was very special to Morgan.
My roomate wanted me to drive him to the student center. It was half a mile away. He did not want to get his new shoes dirty. He walked to the party. He still had a good time.
Angela loves her cats. She treats them like family. Angela makes sure they live a happy life. Her cats show her plenty of affection. They love her too.
Jason has been lonely for many Year's. Finally his friends encourage him to try to meet a girlfriend. Jason asks Rebecca out on a date. She says yes. Jason is happy to be out on a date with someone.
Rachel was very excited for yearbook photo's on Monday. She had really blossomed over the summer and felt great. She just needed to survive two more days without any face damage. On Monday morning when she was walking down the stairs she tripped. She refused to smile in her photo since she was now missing two teeth.
Ben loved to hunt animals in the woods. He shot and killed animals, both large and small. One day, Ben decided to get drunk and fall asleep in the woods. A bear came up from behind him, one which was very tall. What once was a hunter, soon became the hunted, devoured in all.
A blind man approached me on the street. He needed some money. I felt bad for him. I gave him twenty dollars. It was only later that I realized he was faking his blindness!
We took the kids to a preseason practice. The kids loved seeing their players. They had games set up for them to play. They thought the qb skills was the best. We were really happy to take them.
We went to the IHOP with our granddaughter and her parents on Monday. Our 2-year old granddaughter dictated what each person could eat. She said her nanny would have orange juice and her uncle pancakes. I was to have eggs while she was getting chocolate juice. We were amused by her choices.
Tim was switching planes in Atlanta. But then he found his flight was delayed. Tim was unhappy, but the airline offered him an upgrade. Tim got to fly the rest of the way in first class! He decided the delay had been worth it.
Jordan and his girlfriend of three Year's decided to move in together. They figured since they love each other, this will be the next step. As soon as they settled in, things were going down hill. She complained about dishes, he complained about his privacy. In the end, they decided to break up and move on.
Cheryl liked to suck her thumb for attention and to be different. She'd shove it all the way into her mouth to disgust people near her. No one could make her stop no matter how uncomfortable she made them. A fire alarm went off in the building and startled Cheryl. Her jaws snapped shut and cut half her thumb all the way off!
Charles knew the auto warranty industry was not for him. But it was easy money. He walked into Patriot Shield, a warranty service, and was hired. After two weeks they moved Charles to a new department. His manager was the fat and stinky black girl he didn't want to know.
Abby and Beth decided to take a coast-to-coast road trip. They packed their suitcases and got in Abby's car. Abby's car was more reliable than Beth's, but had balding tires. Part Way through Wyoming, they hit black ice and slid across the road. Abby and Beth both died when their car was hit head-on by a semi.
Ronald was insecure so he always picked on other kids. He relentlessly teased a boy named Ed. Ed was sick of being tormented. As Ronald was walking by, Ed tripped him and Ronald fell. Ronald broke his arm, and Ed didn't feel guilty at all.
Ben was trying to sneak behind Jane. When he got closer, he placed a cricket into her pants. She instantly freaked out and ran away trying to shake it off. Jane was mad at Ben and didn't talk to him. Eventually, Jane accepted his apology.
Vera is a very insecure girl that doesn't think highly of herself. Therefore she has a hard time forming genuine romantic relationships. Instead she chooses to have affairs with married men. She wants to be loved but doesn't know how to make it happen. So she has settled on being a homewrecker and a lifelong mistress.
A father tried to put his 2year old son to sleep. A son was not very happy about it. A father pretended to sleep to make his son calm. It did not work. A father fell asleep before his son.
Steel drank beer everyday. He also rode his bicycle to school. One day he got drunk and rode his bicycle to school. He weaved all over the street. A policeman stopped him and wrote him a ticket.
Janet looked at herself in the mirror everyday. And she told herself that she was ugly. No type of makeup or hairstyle changed Janet's opinion. And she became so angry that she punched her mirror. Despite the broken mirror, Jane still looked at her face everyday.
Jesse had never swam before. She wanted to learn how to swim. She hired an instructor. She practiced every week. She eventually became a great swimmer.
It had been 45 minute since dinner. Kim wanted to throw up her food, but worried it was too late. She had tried to use a toothbrush and failed. She found a bottle of ipecac in the medicine cabinet. After reading the label she chickened out.
Since they we building a new house the Jones needed to pack. They were downsizing and needed to go through their things. They made piles for things they wanted to keep. In other piles they kept things to sell and to donate. They had a huge yard sale and what was left was donated to the needy.
Dan checked the mail, and saw that the had a small colorful box there. Dan rushed inside to open the box, as he was curious of the contents. After opening, Dan realized it was a Army pin from his dad. Dan broke down in tears, because his dad had recently passed away. Dan was touched that he had received such a sentimental gift.
Ava's friends set er up on a date with a man they found online. Ava was hesitant. She thought the date would be a failure. She agreed to go anyways. To her surprise, she really liked the man they'd picked!
Vickie carried her cello back and forth to school everyday. One day she got tired of carrying it to school. So she talked to her music teacher. She followed his advice. Vickie now plays violin.
Joan wanted a to buy her first car. Her parents told her she would have to pay for it herself. Joan picked out a car but it cost way more than her allowance. Joan got a job and saved for months. Joan went and bought her new car with her own money.
Melinda wanted to breakup with her boyfriend. She went to the library and met him there. Her eyes started watering. She could hardly contain herself. She finally told him the truth and walked away in tears.
Kim and Tim were are the park on a cool fall day. They stopped to sit on a bench and saw a Cocoa vendor nearby. Tim purchased Kim a large cocoa with whipped cream. Kim and Tim sat in the park and sipped cocoa. Kim thanked Tim and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
I decided to baked a pumpkin pie. First I looked for my favorite recipe in my cookbook. I opened a can of pumpkin. I poured the pumpkin in the shell with the egg and spices. I baked the pie in the oven.
Beth really wanted to play in the leafs. So she asked her dad if she could. So he went out and raked them all up. She ran out and jumped in them. She loved playing in them so much.
Flying from Las Vegas to Austin or Dallas is unusually cheap. Rarely do I have to pay over $40 for a one way trip. My first time doing it, I was shown how to find flights online. I paid for my first flight on my cell phone in minutes! I was on a plane to another state within a week for $21.
Yesterday I celebrated my thirty fourth birthday today. I had a big party and invited all of my friends. Everyone showed up and we had a lot of fun. I had a great time and I can't wait for my next party. I am already planning my next birthday party.
Two ladies were in front of the club. The bouncer started at them carefully. He asked them if they're wearing any wigs. When they said no, he grabbed their hair and pulled them off. The bouncer eventually kicked them out.
Arthur and his friends were under eighteen. One Sunday they were out of control and wanted money. Arthur suggested they rob someone. They pulled up to a man and demanded his wallet and backpack. He resisted and Arthur and his friends were caught in the act.
Drake's friends were homophobic. Drake was a homosexual. Drake was scared to tell his friends. Drake decided to tell his friends. Drake's friends accepted him for who he and didn't run away.
Little Jackie was just five Year's old. It was time for her first day of school and she was nervous. She didn't know what to expect. She arrived at the school and was surprised to see all the other kids. She loved it!
Jasper realizes that he has been wearing the same old shirt for weeks. He decides that he needs to buy something new. He looks for a denim shirt, which will match his casual lifestyle. Jasper finds the perfect shirt at a thrift store. He's happy that he has a new shirt to wear.
Heather was getting married outside. She was checking the weather obsessively. She was so worried that it would rain! The weather forecast looked clear. Heather was so relieved!
It was nearly Christmas and still i don't have a present to give. I was thinking of a gift that is simple but useful. Then i saw the magic mug that reveals picture when poured with water. I decided to buy it as a gift for my parents. As they poured hot water on it,it revealed their wedding photo.
Dan woke up on Christmas morning and ran downstairs. He helped his mom fix breakfast for the whole family. After everyone ate, they sat down to open presents. Dan reached for a big box with his name on it. Inside the box, Dan found the remote control car he wanted!
Susie looked at her cd. It was all scratched. She wondered if it would work. Unfortunately it did not. She had to buy another one.
Tara wanted to find a new hobby. She decided to take massage classes. She eventually became a professional masseuse. She opened her own shop a year later. She enjoyed her thriving business.
Windell asked me to be his girlfriend when I was 12 years old. I agreed because I really liked him. Later I found out he was mentally unstable. He ended up going into counseling. He tried to hurt his cousin by pushing her in front of a car.
Chelsey was at her friend's house. Her friend suggested that they go swimming. Chelsey needed to borrow a swimsuit. She tried a few on but none fit. Instead, she ended up borrowing a tee shirt.
Jacque was the captain of a large cruise ship. He wanted to impress his mistress with the hope of later intimacy. Jacque steered his ship too close to the rocks along the coast. The reef tore into it and sunk the boat killing many people. Jacque lived because he was the first one to flee from it.
Ronald was driving down the road. He saw a young boy hitching for a ride. Ronald picked up the boy. He urged the boy to call his parents on his cell phone. Ronald waited at a diner with the boy until his parents arrived.
Sam was a very good worker at his Job. He did the little things nobody else would. Sam was called into his boss's office. He was informing Sam he was getting a raise. Same was so grateful for the extra money.
The kids were helping pack their lunches. They each threw in some fruit snacks. It was their favorite treat at lunch time. They ate their sandwiches first, then their fruit. They saved the fruit snacks for last!
I remember when my tooth is aching and it's really painful. When it's aching i want to go to the dentist quickly. But when the pain is gone, i don't want to go to dentist anymore. It's not painful anymore so there's no reason to go to there. But when it's aching again i'm crying to go to the dentist again.
My father in law never discipline or guided his two oldest kids. They're both in their thirties now. Neither of them have jobs. Neither of them even have a license to drive. They're spoiled rotten adult babies because their dad never said no.
Alicia got a new sweater for christmas. She did not like it that much. But she did not want to tell her parents that. So she decided to simply not wear it. But when her mother asked about it she gave in and wore it.
Brad build a bomb shelter when the war broke out. The war was never serious and eventually the tension ceased. Brad felt like he wasted his time on the shelter. The next week scientists said a meteor was headed to earth. Brad felt like luck was on his side.
I like a well endowed man. I had this idea that if a man were tall he would also be well endowed. In my dating profile I stated I was looking for very tall men. I became excited to start dating a man who was nearly seven feet tall! In the end, he had a micro-penis, and I learned my lesson.
Tom was a very bad, evil man. He liked torturing and killing innocent children. Tom had a hard time indulging in his hobby until a certain app. He created a fake Pokemon Go site to lure the children to him. Tom can easily indulge in his hobby now.
Cayla loves shopkins. She once spent a whole day hunting the toy store for them. She searched every shelf at the store. Fortunately, she found a shelf filled with them. Cayla bought every shopkins on the shelf.
My friend Harry tried internet dating. He met a woman on match. com They arranged to have dinner and watch a comedy show. When the woman showed up she was ten Years older than her photo. Harry made up an excuse and ended the date.
Desmin suffers from depression. Today, it was hard to get out of bed. It was hard to do anything. Desmin felt like he didn't have any energy. He laid in bed all day and stared at the wall.
Poor Billy girlfriend broke up with him today. Billy was sad and asked his friends for help. His friends throw him a party to forgot about her. He has the time of his life that night! Billy is now happy and grateful for such great friends.
When he was little Carlos father took him to the Grand Canyon. It was his father's favorite place. Carlos father died but before he died he told Carlo to cremate him. Then throw the ashes in the Grand Canyon. That's exactly what Carlos did.
Victoria was in the park with her friends. They had been smoking marijuana illegally. Suddenly, a cop walked up to them. Victoria was terrified that she was about to be caught. Luckily, he was just asking about a missing girl.
Three months ago, Jim met a woman in a bar. The couple got along very well. They went back to the woman's house and had unprotected sex. Two months later, Jim went to the doctor because he was feeling ill. The doctor diagnosed him with HIV.
Pam was bringing old boxes upstairs from her basement. She wants to de-clutter by having a garage sale. She began separating items to keep and sell. When grabbed the last box, she found her childhood blanket. She smiled as she hugged it closely.
Tim had a gun. One day he turned his eyes away from it for a second. His son grabbed it thinking it was a toy. He accidentally shot Tim in the leg. His wife forced him to get rid of the gun.
Brian has dreamed for many Years of going back graduate school. He starts by studying for a standardized test. He takes the test and gets a terrific score. Now Brian is ready to apply to school. He applies and is accepted at his first choice graduate school.
Jen's English teacher assigned an paper at the end of class. Jen had a party to go that night. She knew she would not have time to write her paper and go out. Jen decided to not write her paper. When she got to class, she did not turn in her paper and got an F.
Eli was addicted to meth really bad. He was at rock bottom and his family wanted to help him. They staged an intervention, and confronted him. After the intervention, Eli got worse into his addiction. He eventually died of an overdose.
My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom. Before the discussion started, my math teacher went to the bathroom. My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me. I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at me. We ended up throwing more pieces around the room.
Kim's toddler son wanted fort for his house. Kim didn't know how to build a fort. She wanted to please her son though. She made a fort out of cardboard boxes instead. Her son was very pleased.
I brought my son to the doctors. He was so scared to go. He had to get a few shots. He hates getting shots. He cried the whole time.
Trichelle rode her bike to work everyday. On the way, she ran into a mini storm. When the storm ended, Trichelle was soaked. She went back home to change her clothes. Before she left again, she put on a rain coat.
I hated my wife. She had stopped loving me a long time ago. I decided to have an affair. She didn't care. I realized that I wanted a divorce.
ISIS kidnapped a woman's five year-old son. The woman was sad. She appealed to the Syrian rebels for help. The Syrian rebels found her son in a Daesh camp. The rebels freed the woman's son from the camp.
It was free slurpee day at 7/11. Mariah and her sister made their way there. When they arrived, there was a pretty long day. They decided to wait it out. When it was their turn, they filled up the largest cup.
Jan sat in the dark closet trying not to the think about the spiders. Logic told her that they couldn't escape out of the jars. Suddenly, it didn't matter anymore. The closet door was thrown open. Staring down at her, was something worse than spiders--her brothers.
An angry Kate was over a guys house. And another girl had been knocking on the door. Finally she went away. Kate began to feel calmer. Until the girl began to knock on the windows.
Adam and Anna had had the same bed for seven years. It hurt both their backs to sleep on it. They decided that although money was tight, they had to upgrade. They scrimped and saved for a couple of months. Then finally they bought a new, soft, comfortable bed set!
Angela did not like her co workers very much. They talked about people behind their backs. Angela did not like that so she avoided them. One day they started to complain in a meeting. Angela finally stood up and told them to be professional.
Larissa heads to her friends place for a party. She arrives and trips on the sidewalk. She scrapes her hands and needs a bandage. Her friends help clean her up. They decide to cancel the party and comfort Larissa.
I took my family to the zoo. We saw the elephants. They are quite big in person! I bought my daughter a stuffed elephant. We all went home very happy.
I see her through the window, watching TV with no remorse. She knows exactly what she had done to me and feels no pain. She will pay for what she had done, and will remember my name. She will know the pain she has caused me. I will destroy her with no remorse and never think of her again.
Tod sat in the back seat of his parents car. Suddenly he smelled a rank aroma. His father burst out into laughter. He locked the window so Tod couldn't get fresh air. Tod decided to get revenge by letting out his own giant fart!
It was halloween and Gary and his friends were happy. They decided to scare children to try to take some candy. Gary and his friends spend hours popping out of bushes. When Gary tried to scare one child, the kid kicked him in the shins. Gary feel to the floor in a lot of pain and could barely walk.
At the airport, Martha was accidentally given and extra ticket. Be bought one for Chicago but the extra was for Tibet. At first she thought that she would just return the Tibet ticket. The more she looked at the ticket she had a harder time doing it. Martha ripped up her Chicago ticket and walked to gate 11.
Today I ordered a burrito from chipotle. I assumed the order would take forever. I stood in line to make my order. To my delight the line was quick. It ended up taking two minutes.
Logan wanted to look good for a event with his friends. He decided to wear his favorite ascot. He put it on and looked great. Logan was excited for the event. He was glad he looked good.
Tim loved actions movies. His girlfriend didn't like them at all. Tim would constantly try to get her to watch one with him. She always refused to do so. Eventually Tim took it personally and broke up with her.
When I was in high school, I though Gothic people were weird. They were always dressed in black and had piercings. After high school, I got to know some of them. Now I do not think they are weird. They are actually friendly.
I was so excited to ride my first roller coaster! I waited almost two hours in line just to get onto the ride. It took forever to get everyone loaded and buckled in. Our car went up and down and round and round. It was over much too soon.
I was dricing home from work. It was raining really bad. I hadn't taken the rain into account. I skidded through a stop light. I almost hit another car.
Tom had a bunch of candy from halloween. He didn't each even one piece. So after Thanksgiving he decided to start eating his candy. But his candy was nowhere to be found. His little brother took it all.
Quentin finished college Years ago but he never learned calculus. He decided to learn the topic independently. He borrowed a calculus textbook from the library and studied it. Quentin worked very hard to learn all of the topics. Quentin was proud that he finally knew calculus.
Carl's favorite authors new book came out today. So Carl went to the bookstore to buy the book. The line in the bookstore was long. Carl was irritated from the long line. Carl finally got the book and read it when he went home.
Rick played video games for over 15 Year's. However, he was starting to get bored of them. He decided to a pick up a game called Halo 5. He didn't think too much about it. However, Halo 5 ended up being his favorite game.
Wren fell hard for Garth, a student in her creative writing workshop. They began to meet to celebrate their passion. Wren reminded Garth, budding psychologist, of his own mother. Garth suggested Wren wanted to bed her own son, as he did his mother. Wren slapped Garth's smug face before stabbing him with a ballpoint.
Nina had a problem with cocaine. She tried to quit on her own, but failed. Then she decided to go to meetings. The meetings helped her to identify her triggers. Nina was able to quit cocaine thanks to the meetings.
Kelly had never been to six flags before. Her best friend invited her to join. The two went last Saturday. The girls went on numerous rides. The trip was great.
David went to china with his girlfriend. They went to beijing first. They tried to climb the great wall. David's girlfriend wanted to stop after 20 minutes in. They ended up leaving.
Charles walked into a restaurant and went into their bathroom. He came out and saw a cop who looks like Adolf Hitler. Charles couldn't control himself and laughed out loud. The cop asked him why he looked and then laughed? Charles blamed it on a thought, but the officer still harassed him.
Shelby always wanted to go to new york. Her parents tell her she is going to new york. They get her a ticket and send her on a train. She arrives in new york. She loves her time in her dream city.
They were out in the backyard. The Phillips family had just purchased a telescope. They were all fascinated by it. Gazing through the lens they were looking at the moon. It was beautiful and the whole family enjoyed it.
Jim decided he was going to try to forgive and forget. His neighbor had really slighted him throughout the years. Jim felt he could be a bigger man about it. He set the neighbor's house on fire and urinated in his gas tank. Jim forgave himself for it and forgot all about the neighbor.
When I was three, someone called the cops on me. She said I kicked her son. I hadn't even seen him that day. Luckily, the cop thought the whole thing was ridiculous. I haven't had a run in with the law, since.
I arrived on time for my surgery. The front desk worker took my information down. As soon as my surgeon was available, we started the operation. He slowly pulled four of my teeth out. Although I was in pain, I thanked him for everything.
Susie always wanted to go to NYC at christmas time. She saved all her money for a few months. Her best friend wanted to go to NY also. They finally took the big trip this year. It was a fantastic experience they will never forget.
Suzy was passing out candy on halloween. She loved doing it. But all the sudden there was a scary monster. Suzy was frightened. She ended up closing the door.
Ida was driving home one cold, rainy night. She saw a girl hitchhiking on the side of the road. Ida knew it was dangerous to stop for strangers. But her conscience made her pick up the girl. The girl was so thankful for the warm, dry ride home!
Chantel was riding her bike with her family. For some reason her bike seemed much slower and she was tired out. She couldn't understand why her bike was acting so weird. She stopped to inspect her bike carefully. Then she realized her back tire had been jammed, slowing her down.
Candy would walk everyday in the park. She would get upset when it would rain and she couldn't walk. Candy decided to buy a treadmill. Candy continued to walk when it was sunny. When it rained, she was able to use the treadmill.
Janice has been unhappy in her marriage for many Year's. Although she once loved her husband, she now finds him boring. Finally she consults a lawyer and files papers for a divorce. The divorce is very painful for both Janis and her husband. However, when the divorce is complete, Janice feels free.
Becky had a kitten named Lucky. She loved Lucky with all her heart. Lucky liked to play and hide in the bathroom floor. Becky's dad stepped on Lucky's head when he went into the bathroom. Lucky died that day from a crushed skull.
Because he embezzled Alex was fired from his job. Alex's spouse encouraged Alex to seek work in a different field. Alex asked many people if they knew of a job opening. Alex got a lead on a job from an acquaintance. Alex was hired on a temporary basis.
Jim had a big test on monday. He studied hard until the day of the test. The day of the test came. Jim was so nervous. He failed his test badly.
Sally was bored will all her video games. She then went to the store to look at the games they had for sale. A new video game had been released that day. Sally purchased the video game. Now she wont do anything but play her new game.
The mom told her child to stop talking. The child looked at her mom and gave her a silly face. He also decided to run away. The mom grabbed him and gave him a beating. The child ended up hitting her back.
We had finally made it there. The Team was ready. The whole game my stomach hurt. Nick had to make one shot to win the game. He did and we won.
I was in grade school when i saw a fat girl in our school. They always bully her because she is fat. One day i decided to talk to her and offer her a sit in our canteen. She is so nice and we became friends. And now she was so slim and sexy that no one expected it before.
Galen Rupp got a bronze in the marathon. He did not medal in the 10,000 meters. He thought that he was faster on the track. But he stayed focused for the marathon. He might actually better at it.
Charlie was a 35 year old virgin. He lived with his parents house. One day Charlie was looking at pretty girl at work. Charlie drooled over the girl as he watched in the closet. Charlie's manager found him and fired him on the spot.
Georgina realized no one was in the house. She laid down on her bed and took off her pants. She turned on some sexy music. Georgina slid her hand down her panties. Then she fell asleep because she was too exhausted from work.
Blake made a burger for dinner. He used a huge amount of ground beef. The beef wasn't allowed to cook thoroughly. Blake ate his burger anyway. Blake was sick all night.
Lucas played basketball at the park everyday. He was very good, so his coach recruited him. Not all of the team players were excited about their new teammate. Some of the players called Lucas names. However, by the end of the season, Lucas had made many friends.
Sara was grocery shopping. She noticed that her milk was leaking. She notified a cashier. The cashier quickly retrieved a new milk for her. Sara thanked her.
Chip wanted to drink only fresh milk. He lived in a big urban city. He searched every store and no one carried fresh milk. Chip drove two hours out of town and found a farm. He paid the farmer big money for some very fresh milk.
Ronald had a girlfriend named Stephanie. One day, Stephanie got drunk and slept with another man. Ronald slashed Stephanie's tires on her car. Stephanie called the cops and Ronald went to jail. Ronald didn't care, he was planning to kill Stephanie later.
Timmy was drinking a glass a water. A fly flew into his water. Timmy screamed in terror! He knocked over the glass onto the ground. Afterwards, he had to clean up all the spilled water.
Joe killed Wayne. Wayne's sister, Wanda killed Joe. Joe's sister, Jane, killed Wanda. Jane was arrested for murder and sentenced to 25 years. But Wanda's cousin shanked her to death in the shower.
Steve went to church every sunday. Steve started having doubts about his religion. Steve began going less and less. Steve got calls from the pastor. Steve never returned to church.
I always hated secret santa. I never knew what was cool to by a complete stranger. In fourth grade I got a boy named Gabriel, who I had never spoken to. I bought him an Usher album. Turned out he didn't even speak English.
George had five lamps. He sold two lamps at his store. He put two lamps in his kitchen. The final lamp he gave to his daughter. She loved it.
Josh got in an ATV accident. He had a broken leg. The doctor told him to get crutches. They helped him walk. Now he can move around!
Amelia was about to go on her first trip to disney. It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited. Unfortunately, her mom wasn't feeling well. She was worried she wouldn't get to go. Luckily, her aunt offered to take her.
Kenny did not enjoy walking to school everyday. Kenny's mother bought him a bike to aid in his trip to school. He rode his bike to school everyday. Kenny was able to get home much faster thanks to his bike. Kenny is back to walking to school because his bike was stolen.
I was jogging down the road. My dad lives out of town. He saw me. He picked me up. We went for some Chinese food.
Billy mom was always after him to tie his shoelaces. She kept warning him he was going to trip. He never paid attention to her. One day at school he tripped as he was walking down the stairs. He ended up breaking his leg.
Pickle ball is my friends favorite game. He talks about it all the time. Today he really made me mad because he wouldn't stop talking about it. We were supposed to be working on our science fair project. I guess I'll have to do it by myself.
Tom felt ill. He went to see the doctor. The doctor told him he had cancer. Tom received chemotherapy to treat the cancer. The treatment was a success.
I've always been a big believer in karma. Especially since a girl who was mean to me in school is fat and ugly. I sent a picture of her to some friends expressing that and laughing. Later that day, I fell and sprained my wrist. That's karma and I should have known better.
This morning i left my house and got in my car. I turned the key but it would not start. I asked my neighbor to come over and give me a jump start. He brought his car and hooked up the cables. My car started right up and i got on my way.
Leah needed new vitamins. She just didn't like the taste of them. Yet she found out about gummy vitamins. She tried some. She ended up loving it.
It was easter Sunday and everyone was getting ready to go to church. I never been to church so I didn't know what to expect. When I arrive there it was exciting and joyful experience. Everyone was nice to me and welcome me. Ever since I always go to Church.
Glenda was an unfeeling little brute. She bullied everyone around her with contempt and malice. One day, Glenda slipped on an icy sidewalk. No one stopped to help her, or even call the police. She died of hypothermia after many excruciating hours.
Donald is a very successful man. His friends are very concerned by the color of his skin. They think he is tanning much too often. Donald is almost an orange like color. His friends try to convince Donald not to Tan anymore.
Jill had been taking dance for 6 Year's. She had been working on getting a triple turn. She could not seem to figure out why she could not get her triple. She practiced and practiced. Finally, when she was alone, she got her triple turn.
Todd thought because it was Friday he would sale a lot of tacos. He made tacos all day long. He sold some tacos but still had many remaining. Todd called me and told me not to cook dinner. Todd said we could have all free tacos we wanted.
Terrell was a great chef. He made some soup for his girlfriend. She had been sick but the soup made her feel better. She told Terrell to write down the recipe for her. She planned on making it again, it was so delicious!
One summer i learned to play Hacky Sack. I could only bounce the sack a couple times. I got a few people out. It was a very difficult game. I spent a couple hours playing in one week alone.
One day fred was sitting at home. He was watching tv. He hears the doorbell ring. He slowly gets up and opens the door. Nothing is there but a package.
There was was a man named John. He loved to dance all day long. He taught dance across the east. They loved him in the west. It was all dedication that made his rhythm strong.
Tom's mom bought him clothes for christmas. He liked most of them. Unfortunately a couple of items didn't fit. Tom's mom kept a gift receipt. He was able to exchange them for the right size.
Larry wanted to add spark to his relationship. He took his girlfriend to a porn expo. She was amazed, interested and enthralled by everything. He thought this would bring them closer, but she had other plans. She left him and began her career as a pornstar.
Adam woke early and excitedly ran to his parents room. He woke up his parents and they went downstairs. The living room was decorated and many presents were on the table. Before breakfast Adam ripped into his gifts with glee. He was so happy to receive four lego sets and spy gear toys!
George wasn't very motivated to cook dinner. He decided to go out to eat instead. He carefully weighed his options. George settled on a local steakhouse. He enjoyed his dinner very much.
An in law gave us a Yankee candle for Christmas. Every relative got the same gift. The scent was salted caramel. We did not like the scent. We sold the candle on amazon.
Callie couldn't figure out how the open the door. Her lock was new and weird so she called me for help. I told Callie how to unlock the door and she was extremely grateful. Later that day Callie got stuck again! She called me up and I changed the locks for her.
John was walking around his neighborhood and saw a ice cream store. He decided he wanted too some ice cream. John got a cone with chocolate ice cream. He licked the ice cream. It was a good ice cream.
Suzy wanted to get pregnant. So she met with the fertility specialist. Her doctor said she had a good chance. Suzy couldn't believe it. She was thrilled.
Rich came home from vacation and was horrified. For some reason, his house smelled really bad! He wandered around, looking for the source of the smell. He found a gallon of sour milk on the table. Rich opened windows to dissipate the smell.
My bike broke last week while I was riding it. Luckily I did not get hurt. Mom came home today with a new one. She picked my favorite color red. I couldn't have picked a better bike.
Rachel hadn't see a doctor in awhile. She needed to get her blood drawn. But, she was very afraid of needles! She went to her appointment despite her fear. However, when the doctor drew her blood, she fainted.
Jenny took her nephew from his mom's hands. As she was twirling him in the air, he started to shake. He looked at Jenny and slapped her directly in the face. Damon grabbed her nephew before he fell from her hands. Jenny took some time to get back her eyesight.
Josh craved jelly beans. Josh was on his way home. He went to the nearest store. He looked in the store and found jelly beans. He eat some in the car.
Tom went shopping for his girlfriend in the grocery. Tom met a girl. Tom was stunned by her beauty compared to his girlfriend. Tom wanted to date her. Tom started an affair with the girl he met.
Terri jogged alone everyday. She always passed a house that has been empty for a long time. Today there was a family moving in. Terri made friends with one of the family's oldest daughter. Terri doesn't job alone anymore.
We did the play the Lion King in School. My role was Simbas mother. My mom surprised me one evening with tickets. She took me to see the actual play. We even got to meet some of the Actors.
The kids loved watching tv. Cartoons were their favorites. They rushed home from school and sat in front of the tv. They laughed through the whole episode. The show had put them in a good mood.
James birthday is today. He decided to drink for the first time in his life. He went to a friend's house to celebrate. He drank too much and passed out on the couch. He woke up with a hangover and swore to never drink again.
Carlos father was dying from cancer. Him and his father loved the Lakers. So Carlos wanted to take his father to a game before he died. So Carlos gathered money and bought tickets. His father was so happy to go see the Lakers.
Suzie always like to tattle on other kids. It gave her a sense of responsibility. She saw Becky pull another girl's hair at recess and was going to tell. Becky saw her and chased her down. Suzie ended up with a black eye that day.
Sometimes I like to listen to music on YouTube with and adblocker. One day I turned the music on and let it play in the background. I worked most of the day, and forgot about the music. At the end of the day, I went to close everything. To my surprise, the ad blocker has blocked over ten thousand ads!
I needed my glasses the other day. I reached into my pocket to get them. All the sudden I felt two pieces. The glasses were broken. I had to glue them together.
I have been filming a new moving for a class project. I have been working on it for almost a week. The video is due in two days. I wish I would have started on the project sooner. I decided not to procrastinate on my studies any more.
A cook was carrying an armful of oranged in the kitchen. He dropped one on the floor by accident. As a joke he pretended that it was a soccer ball. He kicked the orange across the kitchen. It landed in a pot and he cheered!
There was a man who spent his whole life in front of a computer. Day after day, he felt like he was wasting some unknown talent. One day, his wife forced him to go with her to her pottery class. He reluctantly went and to his surprise, really enjoyed it! He immediately put in his two weeks notice and picked up the clay.
Julie has wanted to lose weight for many Year's. This year she decides to try a special diet. She starts eating fewer fatty foods. Julie starts to lose weight. She is very happy that her special diet worked.
Telly Abelly was a racist. He spent most of his days worrying about immigrants and racial purity. Telly spent most of his life in fear, but also refused to pay debts. One day, Telly was stabbed by a Vietnamese immigrant. As it turns out, the immigrant was a son of a man Telly owed.
Matt was always a bit racist. He would say racial slurs jokingly. One of his friends confronted him about it. Matt got defensive and angry. They stopped being friends.
There was a boy looking for a women. He was always shy around the girls. One night he got courage. He took a stand and asked a girl out. She said yes and they went on a great date.
Maria laughed at her three colleagues, they were pregnant. Maria didn't have a boyfriend and went out on a date with a coworker. He made Maria sexually aroused and they made love. Six weeks later Maria was pregnant. Her colleagues laughed at her for being pregnant like them.
Max always wanted to be a pro golfer. His parents wanted him to be a doctor. They sent him away to medical school against his wishes. The school groundskeeper found Max one late night. He was out in the field, working on his putting skills.
Amy had taken her sister Ali with to a friends house. Ali had gotten into a fight with the friends little sister. Amy chased Ali as she stomped down the street. Amy tried to find out what happened, but Ali wasn't talking. Amy was dreading going home knowing her mother would blame her.
Alan received a email. The email provided a link that promised a free iPad after clicking it. When Alan clicked the link, his computer restarted. Several viruses were on his computer. Since they couldn't be removed, he had to throw away the computer.
After a year of marriage, Johnny wanted to divorce Anita. She asked him why? He said because she had a son already and should deal with his father. She reminded him they didn't talk because of Johnny. Anita sliced her wrist four times before Johnny stopped her.
It was late at night and rose had not seen her husband in weeks. She called him numerous times but he never picked up. She was worried. Finally he came home and admitted cheating. Rose then called for a divorce.
Ray owned a bar. The bar was serving underage patrons alcohol. The police department performed a raid on the bar. The bar was found guilty of serving to minor. The bar lost its liquor license.
Fred has had the same winter hat for many Year's. Although its red color is fading, he loves his hat. One day, in a rush, he forgets his hat on the subway. Fred's wife buys him a new red hat. Although he is thankful, he knows it will never replace his old hat.
Jake was dissatisfied with his job. His boss was incredibly mean to him. He was also underpaid for the amount of work he did. Jake decided to search for another job. He was able to find a better paying job within a matter of weeks.
Janie was often mistreated by a family member. She decided to get revenge. Janie registered for a gun and waited 30 days. She got the gun and learned to use it. Janie got a gun and put a bullet in her relatives toe.
In 1971 i ate my first bagel. My family is Chinese and did not eat Western food much. We lived near a Jewish deli. My brother bought a toasted bagel and gave me half. I was hooked on bagels, and eat them all the time.
John's grades were in trouble. John's female teacher asked him to stay after class. She talked about his poor grades and what he can do about it. She told him she wanted an affair to which John accepts. The teacher was caught and fired.
As I was walking home from the grocery store. I noticed a hill with a path going up the side of it. I decided to follow the path. As I reached the hill I discovered a forest I had never seen or knew. I decided to walk through the forest and had a good time.
Clara got an exciting phone call. It was a job offer! She was so proud of herself. She was going to start the job on Monday. She couldn't wait for her first day!
Timmy wanted to learn to make his neighbor pasta salad recipe. The neighbor held the recipe secret. Timmy offered to cut the neighbors grass for a month. The neighbor told him the recipe. Now, Tim can make the pasta salad.
Samia fell in love her coworker. They began serious relationship and were very happy with each other. One day Samia got a call from a woman she didn't know. The mystery woman was the mother of her boyfriend's five kids. Samia was devastated because he told her that he had no children.
Last week i had to take a math test at school. I was scared to fail, because i am not good at math. I had a difficult time answering all the questions. I was almost sure that i had failed the test. When i got the test back, i was surprised that i had passed it.
Rob bullied Jim every day at school. Sometimes, Rob would steal Jim's lunch money. Jim decided to bring his lunch so that Rob wouldn't steal it. Jim brought a peanut butter sandwich, but Rob stole the sandwich. Rob took a bite and died because he was allergic to peanuts.
Angel and her boyfriend were dating for over three years. Angel and her boyfriend were both of legal consenting age. Angel and her boyfriend decided to take things further by having sex. Angel and her boyfriend bought all the necessary protection needed. Angela and her boyfriend had consensual, protected sex all night long.
Max and Linda are boyfriend and girlfriend. Max loves Linda! Linda does not feel the same about Max. Linda broke up with Max. Max is heartbroken.
Jim wanted to by a racing wheel for his computer. But the one he wanted was discontinued. He searched for used ones. And found one at a garage sale. He was happy to buy it for only $10.
We rode on the bike path today. It was a 14 mile ride. During the ride we saw a stray cat. We stopped to play with it. It was very friendly.
Mississippi got hit by Hurricane Katrina ten Years ago. It finally rebuilt the coast. However, we still brace every time bad weather brews. Hurricane season is dreaded on the coast. People always take it seriously.
One day my brother hit me in the stomach. He'd done so many times before, but this time I snapped. I grabbed my little league bat and chased him with it. I ended up hitting him in the head with the bat twice. He wasn't really injured, because I was so little.
Juanita loves listening to music. The tunes in her head are sporadic. She plays them over and over again. One day the music stopped playing for Juanita. That was the day Juanita killed herself.
I went to a friends house for a party last weekend. It was a lot of fun, but I didn't know a lot of people there. We played a lot of games that night. We also had a lot of food to eat. It was a really great time.
Drew was with his friends. They were smoking and drinking alcohol. He joined them since he was forced to do so. His brother noticed his friends walking around the neighborhood. He pulled Drew out of the group and argued with him.
We went for a bike ride. Halfway through my nephew stopped. I turned around to find out what was wrong. His chain had come off of his gears. I quickly fixed it and we were back on our way.
From behind, Charles watched her butt pillow under her skirt. He turned away because he didn't want to be rude. But he had to get a closer look at her booty. He ran up to her, looked, and then walked past. He recognized her, his ex-girlfriend from elementary school.
Jay was Iranian and proud of his heritage. He decided to learn Farsi to feel closer to his people. Books weren't enough, so he journeyed to Iran to study. While there, he fell in love with a beautiful Arab girl. Now she is his wife and helps him practice Farsi every day!
Nina type the last word with anticipation. As soon as she was done, she jumped up and down. She went to the cupboard to find a flute of champagne. She opened the bottle of sparkling wine she had bought. And drank to the success of her first finished novel.
Ana got pregnant at 15 due to a broken condom, not a foolish choice. She didn't want an abortion, and her mom agreed, given the situation. She felt the broken condom was a hint at something. Ana felt too young to raise a baby, but then her aunt approached her. She offered to adopt Ana's child, and Ana gratefully agreed!
Irene had invited her friends over to watch movies. But to her horror, she found that her internet was down! None of her friends could download anything either. It seemed like the night was ruined, but then Jason opened his bag. Inside was a DVD of their favorite drama, which they watched happily!
I needed to do laundry last week. But I was all out of quarters. I could have gone to the bank. But instead I just put everything in the closet. Now even my new clothes smell bad.
Joe was running a scam. He would collect donations from people wanting to help animals. Then he would pocket the money. Joe was afraid of getting caught. However, he just couldn't make himself stop lying.
I had murdered my uncle. The police arrested me. I was sentenced to prison for life. In prison, the inmates were mean to me. Luckily, I joined a gang and was able to have their protection.
I woke up with my arm hurting everyday for a week. I did not know why. I used a camera to record myself sleeping. I solved the mystery. It turns out I roll over on my arm in my sleep.
My son went to his friend's poker tournament last week. Everyone put in $50. The winner of the $300. He was losing early on, but won $300 in the last game. He was very happy with his winnings.
Debra Had just went through a nasty breakup. She was very distraught so she called her mother. Her mother tried to comfort her but to no avail. Debra wound up calling her friend Ray. Ray came to Debra's house and successfully consoled her.
Seven days ago i had my furniture move from a storage. The company that I hired promise me the delivery of three days. It was four days before i received my furniture. Some of my furniture was missing when they arrived at my home. I file a complaint and got partially refund.
Chase was very depressed. he attempted suicide via an overdose of pills. But his attempt failed. When Chase woke up in the hospital, he realized he needed help. Chase signed up for therapy right then and there.
A man won the lottery and took his earning to the desert. He dug a deep hole and threw the money in. He covered it up and cleared his tracks. The man drew a map to where the money was. He left and didn't tell anyone about what happened.
Lauren is usually a nice girl. One day she comes across someone who is hurt, and lashes out on her. She didn't handle the person's anger correctly, making it worse. The person ultimately stabbed her. Lauren decided to let people lash out and just deal with it.
I was in high school when i had my first kiss. It was on the chick but it was memorable for me. At first, i know that he is shy to kiss me . But then he did it but with respect because it was on the chick. After that we were both shy and can't even speak.
I went to a party. My friends offered me cocaine. I told them they were stupid for using drugs. They got mad at me and kicked me out of the party. I didn't mind because I didn't want to be friends with drug users.
Jan was a young high school girl. She had just had sex for the first time with her boyfriend. They didn't use protection. Jan found out she was pregnant and thought her life was over. Jan matured and decided to finish school and have her baby too.
Chet was seventeen. His friends were going to the bar. Chet got a fake ID. Chet tried to get into the bar. The bouncer caught Chet and took away his fake ID.
Dean loved homecoming. The parade was his favorite part! He'd watch the floats drive by. He caught a whole bag full of candy. Dean took the loot home to sort it.
Yesterday was Kyle's birthday. He would have been 40. Kyle killed himself 10 years ago. His friends and family gathered to celebrate his birthday. They told stories and remember what a great guy they thought he was.
Jim was thirsty. He walked into the kitchen. He filled a cup with some water from the sink. Jim drank the water. Jim wasn't thirsty anymore.
Roy had a party today but the house was a mess. He went to the store to buy some cleaning supplies. He cleaned the entire house. Once the house was clean he set up the party. He and his friends had a great time.
Sara heard rain the the forecast, so she carried her old umbrella. But it did not rain all day. After school she had to lug the heavy thing all the way home. She was unhappy, but then she thought it over. Sara decided it had been better to be prepared!
The praying mantis waited patiently for it's prey. The mantis was very still and perfectly camouflaged. It waited and waited for days and days. Eventually a fly landed right in front of it. It lunged and snapped up the fly and slowly ate it up.
Malcolm was joining his wrestling team for school. When he got onto the mat, he grabbed the other boy between the legs. The boy blushed and conceded defeat. The coach told Malcolm not to touch other guys in that area. Malcolm told the coach he was gay, and probably shouldn't be wrestling.
A bartender was walking home home after a long day. She was very close to her apartment. Suddenly a man comes up and assaults her. She was too weak to fight back. She ended up dying.
Tim, Ted, and Terry were three brother only a year apart in age. Tim and Ted resented the youngest brother. At the picnic, Terry got the best portion of food, as always. When they left the park, Tim and Ted started to exclude Terry. Terry got upset and told on Tim and Ted.
Marcus was riding a horse on the Mongolian steppe. He saw a yurt in the distance. He wandered inside, and a man was having sex with his wife. Marcus apologized and tried to leave. The man instead asked if he would like to join.
Howard was easily persuaded. He was convinced by his friends to try out heroin. He felt better than he ever did from the hit. He ended up getting addicted. He overdosed the third time he did it.
Janson was always a very healthy man. But one day he began to experience a lot of testicular pain. He tried to use an ice pack for a few days but it wasn't helping. So he finally went to the Doctor who ordered some tests. Tests revealed that he had testicular cancer.
Lynn favorite cousin was staying over. Her cousin was tall and pretty. Lynn wanted to be just like her cousin. She copied everything her cousin did or said. Eventually Lynn learned it was better to just be herself.
Lulu wanted to go rock climbing. She only liked climbing indoors. She went to an indoor facility. When she went she had fun. The only problem was she lost balance many times.
Pat's favorite thing to do was ride horses. One day, a temperamental horse threw her and she injured her back. She took a while to recuperate but eventually got better. Finally she was able to start riding again. She was a little nervous at first but soon regained her confidence.
Thomas hated to sounds of cicadas in the summer. He went to buy a bug zapper to hopefully silence them. He set out the bug zapper before going to sleep. The cicadas didn't fall for it. Thomas opted to buy some earplugs instead.
Jamie becomes fat after Years of driving to the office. He decides that he needs to lose weight. Jamie begins riding his bike to work each day. Gradually he loses some weight. Jamie wishes he had begun biking Years ago.
The Walden family decided to visit the hoover dam. It was their first vacation in Years. When they got close there was a road-block. Bad weather had closed off the area for days. They had to turn around and cut their vacation short.
John got call from his credit card company. They needed to check if he travelled to Canada. He confirmed he was at home in Kentucky. The company told him his identity was probably stolen. John had to call the police.
Maxine notices that her works shoes look a little dirty. She decides to shine them so they look better. Maxine spends all afternoon shining her work shoes. Afterward, her shoes look much better. Maxine is happy that her shoes are no longer dirty.
Pat loved caked more than anything. She would bake them all the time. She ran out of flour one day. It was very late and no stores were open. It ended up being the first day in 3 years she had no cake.
Lucy grandparents had no internet. She was desperate to check her Facebook. She begged her grandma to go to the library. Grandma was busy and just couldn't take her. Finally grandma gave in and took Lucy to the library.
Mary and Jimmy liked playing Pokemon Go. They had fun exploring their city while capturing imaginary creatures. They even played the game after dark and in unfamiliar places. Then some people in town fell off a cliff while playing Pokemon Go. Mary and Jimmy decided they didn't feel like playing after that.
Noah had been saving for a car for two Year's. Yesterday, on his birthday, his parents bought him a car. He was so excited he didn't know what to say! He got tears in his eyes and kept thanking them over and over. Then he took his parents and little sisters for a ride around town.
Jake was a good looking young man. He had no problem getting a woman's attention. Jake had sexual relations with many women. He went in for a yearly exam at the doctor. Jake was devastated when he was told he had contracted HIV.
Alex and his friends were hanging out at a party. They wanted to smoke but they had no lighter. Alex decided to try using the stove. He turned it up red hot and used a piece of paper to catch a flame. It worked but it was dangerous and made a huge ashy mess.
During my junior and senior year of highschool I was yearbook editor. I was pretty blunt when I gave my opinions to the other staff members. Sometimes this came across as rude, and one day I was confronted. One girl told me that I had no right to talk to people the way I did. From then on, I gave my opinions more gently.
I've had the same haircut for Years. I wanted to try something different. My friends and girlfriend gave me different ideas. Everyone was excited to see what I did. I just kept my old cut again.
Olivia hated karaoke. Her crush invited her to go this friday. It was a company tradition. She said yes. As soon as she got there she turned around and went home.
I used to go to the Boston Symphony Orchestra concerts. I stopped going after suffering a stroke. This week I heard the BSO won a Grammy for a Shostakovich recording. Today I listened to the cd on Spotify in the BSO's honor. I was pleased to listen to the BSO on line, in not live.
Oni needed a winter coat. But her mom was too poor to buy her one! Then One's cousin offered her an extra coat. It was a warm wool, and perfectly sized! Oni was so grateful!
Jim wandered into someone else's room on the cruise ship. He saw a woman lying on the bed in lingerie. The woman beckoned him closer. Jim thought this couldn't be happening. He turned around and the woman's husband punched Jim.
I bought a great pair of red shoe at the shoe store. I tried them on with my dress when I got home. I realized the shoes made me taller than my husband. I had to return them to the store. I ended up getting a white pair with no heels.
Todd hate to get his haircut. His mom made him go to the barber. He cried all the way to the barbershop. Upon entering, the barber gave him a lollipop. Todd likes the barber now.
Manuel accidently dropped his phone and it broke. Luckily it was under warranty. He got his phone replaced for free. He was able to keep all his contacts. Manuel is very happy with his new phone.
As a child I often went too my grandma's house. It was always such a pleasant experience. She would let me help bake fresh cookies. We would then sit and she would tell me stories while we enjoyed them. Her home is now a place I take my children.
For Halloween me and my sister wanted to dress as witches. Neither of us wanted to change our idea. Eventually we came to a truce. One would be a good witch and the other would be bad. Now to choose who is who.
Tyson was Jeff's pet dog. One day Tyson started to choke on his food. Jeff quickly called the pet emergency number. A vet talked him through what to do over the phone. Jeff saved Tyson and he is now okay.
Tara slammed the front door behind her. The force of it shattered the glass. She gasped in shock at what she'd done. Her parents raced in from the next room. Instead of yelling at her, they hugged her, glad she was okay.
Beth had failed to run up a steep hill in track practice. She decided to return on her own and face the hill. Amy decided to go with her for support. Amy and Beth ran up the hill together. Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top.
The manager at the grocery store was the only who could make keys. Gina had already been waiting 20 minutes. And she thought this was going to be a quick trip. Gina waited as the manager slowly created a new key for her. After paying she grabbed her key and ran all the way home.
My niece bought as guinea pig for her ten year old daughter. She bought another one for company. She thought they were both females. She was mistaken, and a litter was born. She was able to sell the babies to a pet store.
John had a hairy back. His girlfriend would joke about it. She asked him to shave it. He said yes. She shaved his back.
I always wanted to be in a marching band. The only instrument I played was piano. My friend told the instructor I wanted to be in the band. He handed me a baritone and told me to learn it. I took it home and learned it and then I was in the band!
After 18 years if was finally time to leave our first house. We started looking for new houses in March. By August we had visited 44 houses. We found the perfect house just three miles away. We moved in and have loved every day here.
While out on a hike gloria ran into a snake. It was close enough to strike. She was scared but moved slowly. Eventually she was far enough away and ran. She kept her eyes open for more snakes on the trail.
Dale was a very hand man but had a fear of heights. His roof had started leaking during a storm but Dale couldn't fix it. Dale tried to climb a ladder after the storm to fix his roof. He got terrified halfway up and couldn't go further. Dale had to call a contractor to fix his roof for him.
Amy wanted to to clean her garage. Each time she planned to do it she ran out of time. For a year things piled up in the garage. Finally Amy offered her nephew $100 to clean the garage. Amy was happy to finally have her garage clean again.
Tom was in a ufc fight. He was doing well on his feet. His opponent took him to the ground. Tom couldn't defend well enough. He was beaten with a submission.
The Smiths were having a family dinner. After waiting for their meal they got the wrong one. The waitress was embarrassed and fixed the problem. She gave the Smiths free dessert to make up for it. The Smiths thanked her with a good tip.
Paloma was a cat lady. She owned 20 cats. Her neighbors reported her because her cats had mange. The authorities took away her cats. Paloma drowned herself in her pool because her cats were gone.
Josh and Ryan were in in the backyard. They were digging around the water line. However, they hit the sewer line. They caused a huge mess. They're mess caused them to have to call the water department.
Anna was having a bad day at work. Then she got stuck in traffic coming home. But when she got there, she got a surprise. Her husband had brought her flowers to cheer her up! Anna was grateful and pleased!
Two friends met to exchange christmas gifts. They handed each other a card with money in it. Each friend opened his card to find $20. They laughed that their gifts canceled out. They decided that next year they would just exchange cards.
I downloaded the new pokemon go app. I was really confused on how to play. My daughter had to show me how to play. It is really fun. I am not very good at it though.
Freddy has worked at the pizza shop for many Year's. He has always wanted to toss pizza but his boss doesn't let him. Finally Freddy tells his boss he needs to be able to toss pizza. His boss allows it. Now Freddy's pizza tossing dreams have come true.
Tom loved read the horoscopes. He enjoyed the articulate and uplifting language used. He told all of his friends about the Zodiac. His friends had never read their horoscopes. His friends enjoyed learning about the Zodiac.
Jack was a pretty talented young artist. He painted portraits in his free time very often. His mother encouraged him to submit his work to a gallery. Jack agreed to do so and received a call from a college recruiter. He was offered a full ride scholarship to the best art school.
Amanda, a Protestant, liked Allen, but Allen wasn't interested. Allen is staunchly Catholic, and wants his girl to also be Catholic. Amanda was determined to be with Allen no matter what. Amanda changed to become a Catholic just for Allen! Allen is quite happy to date Amanda now!
Will and his roommate, Jack, were having a debate. They disagreed about who would win the upcoming football game. They decided to make the situation interesting by betting ten bucks. Will and Jack both watched the game with intensity and nervousness. Will's team won, making him ten bucks richer!
Liam loved going to the beach. Palm trees were his favorite. He loved to sit under one and stare at the ocean. The way the leaves blew in the breeze was so relaxing! Nothing was more peaceful than a day under a palm tree.
Larry loves london. He decides to buy a ticket to go. He visits his favorite city. He spends two weeks in london. Larry loved his visit to london.
I had been driving for 5 Years. I had never been pulled over. As I was driving home from college, I saw blue lights. The officer pulled me over and gave me a ticket for speeding. I was so upset and tears did not even help me out.
Gertrude isn't 21 yet, but she has a fake ID. She and her friends go out one Thursday night to see a concert. Gertrude drinks way too much of the cheap vodka they brought. She spends all night throwing up. The next morning she vows to never drink again.
The family took a vacation. Usually they go to their mountain home. This time they decided to go to an amusement park. They rode every ride. They all had a blast.
When visiting Hawaii, my husband asked me to snorkel with a manta ray. I was a little scared, especially since the dive was at night! We were all stretched out in the water, holding onto the float. Our faces were in the water and bright lights were on. Suddenly, a huge and graceful manta swam within inches of my face!
One of my closest friends growing up was a heroin addict. I cared about him deeply and was always there to help him. I suffered for him and with him for over a decade. The last time I heard from him was through his mom while he was in jail. I told her that I couldn't be there for him any longer, it was to hard.
I decided to enter a race for money. My friends told me not to do it. They said I might get embarrassed. I went to compete anyway. I was filled with regret when I came in last place.
He looked at his little girl solemnly. He told her he would have to start ramping up her punishments. He said they hadn't been working on her. She started crying in frustration. She told him she would be good if he would just try understanding.
Alicia wanted the new iphone. So she waited in line all day for one. Then she realized she could have just preordered one. She then felt rather stupid. So she realized she would do that next year.
Jose is a 16 year old boy. He isn't like most boys his age. He prefers to play with dolls and girl stuff. Jose eventually tells his parents he is gay. Jose is unique just the way he is.
Joe was about to be homeless. He called the local state resources to try to find something. The woman he spoke to was very polite but couldn't help. She told Joe that the state's services were completely overwhelmed. Joe decided to burn himself alive, setting the house on fire too!
Lucy decided to enter a swimming content last month. She ended up being tied with the person in third place. She ended up winning the tiebreaker by 200 milliseconds. She was awarded a silver medal. Lucy is now looked up by everyone in her swim club.
Helen and her friends decided to go to a Trump rally. They entered the arena excited. The music was very loud and crazy. The girls couldn't believe they were there. At the end of the day they had fun.
Barb was married for 3 years. She dealt with verbal abuse from her spouse on a daily basis. She had convinced herself that it wasn't that big of a deal. Barb attended a counseling session and realized she was worth more. She filed a legal separation from her spouse.
At cub scout winter camp there were boy scouts in another cabin. One day we went over to the boy scout cabin. They had cigarettes, chewing tobacco, and alcohol. They were playing poker and cursing at each other. This was not how I expected boy scouts to behave.
I love building a couch fort as a Kid. I like to pretend to be a king. Building a couch fort made my parents mad. However, I do it anyways. One of the most memorable things to do when I was a kid.
I could not afford to pay my rent. I decided to rob a store to get the money. I held the store clerk at gunpoint and demanded some cash. The clerk emptied the cash drawer into my bag. I was able to pay my rent but I was arrested shortly thereafter.
Mike was walking home from school. While walking he sees two people arguing. He can't take his eyes off the couple. They begin to push and fight. Then the man pulled out a gun and shot the woman and mike saw it all.
Lydia wanted to be first in everything. She was not happy with coming in second place for the spelling bee. She spent a three days in her room crying about it. Around the fourth day Lydia got over coming in second place. She accepted that she can't be first at everything.
Sean would beat his wife every day. One day, their neighbor realized what was happening. He called the cops. The cops arrested Sean and he was found guilty. His wife celebrated!
Gil's mother bought him a mug for his birthday. The mug was very special to Gil and he took good care of it. One day Gil was cleaning out his kitchen. His hand accidentally bumped the mug and it fell to the ground. The mug smashed into hundreds of pieces.
Annie always got to chose what her birthday cake would look like. Last year it had puppies on it. This year she wanted to do something more grown up. She was turning 7! So she asked for flowers on her cake this year.
Sandra needed cheap daycare for her children. She couldn't afford the rates the local centers charged. Living in El Paso she had the perfect idea. Sandra started dropping her kids off with a sitter in Juarez. She found it was an affordable solution for her.
Jill had been a waitress for a few Year's. She worked hard, and tried to be the best she could. She always had a smile on her face and was very nice to her tables. A man came in one day with many demands, but Jill handled it smoothly. The man was so impressed, he left a hundred dollar bill on the table.
Beth wanted a dog. She asked her mother. Her mother said yes. Beth was so happy. Beth got a great family dog and was happy.
Robbie was proud of the guns he owned. He kept the guns locked up, away from his young children. His oldest son was curious. He figured out how to unlock the guns. Robbie kept his guns, even after his son shot himself.
I sat on my tablet on accident. I noticed that the screen was cracked. I looked online and found a replacement screen. I ordered the screen and waited. When it arrived, I replaced the broken screen.
Kayla was only 13 but she wanted a pierced lip so badly. She asked one of her friends to do it since the tattoo parlor refused. Her friend put ice on her lip and heated the needle. It hurt like hell but Kayla was determined. Unfortunately her lip got infected and she lost part of it.
I didn't invited the young lady to the prom that like me. I was shy and hoping to meet her at the prom. When i arrived at the prom she was standing alone. I asked her to dance. After our first dance, I find out that she was already invited.
Gina wanted to be a pretty girl. She was fat. None of the boys liked her. She worked hard and lost 40 pounds. She thinks she is a pretty girl now.
Abby was trying to find a accessory for Easter. After looking at several stores, Abby finally found her item. Abby spotted a pair of pink bunny ears, and purchased them. Abby felt the bunny ears were a perfect accessory. Abby could not wait to wear her bunny ears for Easter.
Nik wanted hot dogs for dinner. But, he had no mustard. It was snowing outside and there was a blizzard. Still, Nik braved the weather and went to the grocery store. He bought his mustard and had hot dogs for dinner.
I was sitting my backyard. I fell asleep. Suddenly, I woke up! Something had hit my head! I realized it was an acorn that fell from the tree.
Danny decided to have a walked at the park. He got some newspaper and sat on the bench. Suddenly, the rain falls and he didn't even got an umbrella. He got wet and disappointed. But then, he just enjoyed the rain.
Ruth went to the post office to by a stamp. She waited in line until it was her turn. She took out 23 cents to pay for her stamp. The clerk told her that the price has gone up in the last 20 Years. Ruth was shocked and dug around in her pockets for more money.
Tom was at the mall. He thought he saw his wife. He went up to pinch her butt. It turned out to be another woman. She was flattered.
The 3 nations all had the best spies from around around gathered. They were there to prove their talents and see how well they spied. The nation's bet on who the best spy was, this based on elusiveness. It turns out they were all manipulated by the most elusive of them all. The spy left a note and said he was the president and they all failed.
Liv worked as a construction worker. One day, she fell from atop a ladder. She tried to get workman's compensation, but her boss denied. Liv sued her boss, and won the case. Now she lives on disability, and her boss had to close his company.
Gary decided to go swimming in the pool. He opted to go without his parents. He was not a very good swimmer. He began to drown. He died because his parents weren't there to save him.
Tom was had a bad tooth ache. He couldn't see the dentist in a few days. He tried taking some pain pills. It wasn't enough to help. He wound up taking more and overdosing.
I have starting to golf on the weekends. I am getting better and more confident. I decided to enter the local golf tournament. I was so nervous that I was not playing well. I decided not to enter any more tournaments.
The kids liked doing art projects. Clay was their favorite medium. They would sculpt bowls and vases. Then they would put them in the kiln. They loved showing off their projects.
Gina 's friend Rita wanted to know why she was upset. But Gina didn't want to share. Yet Rita kept prying. Gina was upset about something their friend Mary had done. Finally, Gina gave in and told Rita about what Mary had done.
Allie wanted to sleep in. She had a late Saturday and was tired. Her family wanted to go to church early. She faked being sick and stayed in bed. Her family knew she was faking but didn't push it.
Missy love her chocolate. She had no money to afford it. She did chores for a week for mom and dad. She raised ten dollars for her Chocolate. Missy got the biggest chocolate bar and became super happy.
OUr family loves baseball very much. We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday. The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs. My husband caught a fly ball. It was an eventful day at the ballpark!
Brad was taking a test. His pencil broke in half. Brad started to cry. His teacher said not to worry. She gave him a pencil to finish the test.
Mario grew Christmas trees in his yard instead of buying them. This year he found a bird in one of his trees as he was cutting it. Mario felt bad for the bird and spared the tree. He then went out to buy a fake tree instead. He is much happier with his choice now.
It was a hot day at Tim's house. The air conditioner broke. Tim was very hot. He had an idea. He decided to cool off at the beach.
Tommy has been unemployed for two Year's. He has been looking for work but hasn't yet found anything. One day Tommy sees a babysitter job advertised in the newspaper. He applies and is given the job. Tommy feels so happy that he is no longer unemployed.
My friend caught his son jerking off and decided to have the talk. He's mildly religious, so his talk was not to do it God hates it. His son said God made his hand too perfect for his knob not to do it. My religious friend was dumbfounded and didn't know what to say. Everybody at the office is talking about it and laughing.
Priscilla is a fat Mexican girl in her mid-twenties. She felt picked on by her boss but she didn't think he'd fire her. Suddenly, her boss called her into his office with more employees. He fired all of the employees in his office. But Priscilla thought her boss fired her for prejudice reasons.
Anna rode the subway home from work one night. She got off and went home, grabbing her briefcase. But at home, she found she had grabbed her neighbor's briefcase! She found the man's card and gave him a call. He was very happy to get his briefcase back!
The barber told me where to sit when I came into the stop. I spent several seconds talking about the hairstyle that I want. He responded and started to cut my hair. A few minutes later, I woke up from a small nap. My head was unexpectedly bald.
It was a snowy christmas morning. My family and I gathered around the tree. I saw a large box with my name on it. I went over to the box and peeled off the wrapping paper. Inside, there was a large remote controlled car.
Dora came from a nice family that lived in a bad neighborhood. Dora dream was to move out of the neighborhood. Where she would live a better life! She kept that dream everyday while walking to school. One day she never made it to school, Dora was killed in a drive by.
Yesterday my girlfriend tried to setup a bluetooth speaker. It kept not wanting to work. She kept messing with the settings. Eventually she got it working. Now she listens to music on it all the time.
The last thing Jen remembered was picking up the hitchhiker. Now she was strapped to a hard steel gurney. Jen realized she could feel her face. Her kidnapper held up her skin he'd cut off it. Jen began to scream, and didn't stop.
When I was in high school, I took a class in woodworking. One day, my teacher said that I would be using a lathe. I decided to turn out a baseball bat. I worked for several hours on the bat. In the end, the bat looked great and I got a good grade.
Last night I put of pot of water on the stove to boil. I had forgot about the pot for so long the water boiled off. I had to let the pot cool before I could touch the handle. The high heat of the stove ruined the finish of the pot. I tossed the ruined pot in the garbage.
Robin went to school for electrical engineering. She realized after graduating that is was not the career for her. She wanted to pursue her passion of music. She went back to school and was certified to teach. Now she teachers music to elementary schoolers.
Ken had been gaining wait. He tried to fit into an old pair of jeans. He wore them out one night. At one point he bent over and they tore. Ken sneaked out and went home.
Jackson realizes that his carpet his become filthy after Years of use. He decides to shampoo his carpet. Jackson sets aside an entire weekend for the project. It is very hard work. Once he is done, Jackson is very happy to have a clean carpet.
Margo has been the girl of my dreams for Years. Last week I finally asked her out. She said I was too good a friend to date. It broke my heart. I guess I'll have to be a bad friend to make things work.
Frank went to the store everyday for food. Today was no different. He checked out and took the stuff to the car. When he got home he didn't recognize the contents of the bag. He had taken someone else's groceries.
Madison turned sixteen. Her birthday present was really big. Her parents bought her a new car! She was so happy. She took it for a spin.
I wanted to get some good reads. So, I went to the library to check out some books. I met a really nice girl whom I sat next to. We connected and talked for hours. We ended up becoming best friends.
Maria is sick of her life in mexico. She decides to head to the states. She goes on a trip to sneak across the border. Maria successfully crosses the border. Maria enjoys her new life in america.
Jack and Maureen have been dating for a few Year's. Jack has said that he feels too young to get married. However, Jack's mother pressures him to marry Maureen. Finally he buys a ring and asks for her hand in marriage. Jack feels nervous to be getting married.
The family was renovating their home. They knocked down a wall between the kitchen and living room. It really opened up the space! They loved the changes. They got to work planning their next project.
George's wife was very worn out. She was a busy working mom. He wanted to surprise her. He booked an entire weekend for her to be alone. She had a great weekend away from everyone.
The man took his machete on the trail. He cleared brush along the side of the trail. Some hikers passed him. Five minutes later they returned. They waited for the man to clear the brush.
Donald was really depressed. He considered taking his own life. One night he took a bath and threw a plugged in radio in. It shocked him a bit and blew a fuse. He left stupid and even more depressed.
Harry and his friends brought their cars to a park one night. They decided to drink alcohol and then drive recklessly. Harry was driving very fast and then his car began to swerve. The car flipped over a few times and then burst into flames. Harry escaped from the car and they all called 911.
Grace was a new mom. She felt tired and run down most of the time. Her mom gave her a spa day as a gift. She got a massage and a pedicure. She felt like a new woman when she was done!
Eddie and Rita have dated for two Year's. Rita sees Eddy buying something in a jewelry store. Rita waits for Eddy to give her a present of jewelry, but he doesn't. Rita thinks the jewelry is for another woman. Rita snoops through Eddy's things and finds an engagement ring.
Thurgood Marshal loved to smoke a lot of weed. He'd smoke it in a bong, or in a pipe, or in a blunt. Until one day Thurgood was on the block smoking as the cops went by. The screamed and pointed their guns at him as he lay down. And that's when Thurgood's friend rushed over to help, but got shot.
Will decided he'd like to have a deck added to his house. Will went to a home improvement store. Will bought all the materials needed for a deck. Will worked all weekend on the project. By Sunday evening, Will's new deck was completed!
James is sick of paying the expense of marketing campaigns. There must be a better way to sell his device! He partners with the people who do the inspecting of devices like his. They're more than happy to take his money and give him what he wants. James is happy they cost much less than buying advertisements.
I desperately wanted to be on my schools' Pom Pom team since I was 10. I always enjoyed dance and gymnastics, but classes were expensive. I would teach myself, and practice on mattresses or in pools. When it was time for tryouts I thought I had the routine down pat. When the music began I got stage fright and forgot the entire routine!
I was enjoy a day on the lake in my boat. A man in another boat approached me. He wanted to race. I agreed to the race and placed a bet. Alas, I lost the race!
John has been working as a chef for many Year's. The restaurant where he works employs two dishwashers. However, one night, both dishwashers are sick. John decides to help out by cleaning some dishes. Although he is a chef, he doesn't feel too proud to clean dishes.
I went to the moves last night. I saw a man in the theater filming the movie. After the movie ended I saw two policeman standing in the lobby. I then saw the bootlegger make a run for it. The police caught him and took him to jail.
I hate grooming. I feel it takes to much time. As a result, I never brush my hair. One day, I ended up with a dread that i couldn't untangle. I had to cut my hair off.
Lucy was cooking the food in the restaurant . She was gearing up for the close soon. However something caught her eye. It was a mouse. Lucy screamed and tried to kill it.
I got mad at my brother when I was three years old. I grabbed a chair and pulled it up to a pencil sharpener in his room. I methodically sharpened the pencil in the sharpener. I walked over to my brother and stabbed it into his forearm. He had a small piece of lead permanently imbedded in his arm.
THe kids were holding signs and chanting. They were protesting the firing of their principal. They got interviews on the local news and in the newspaper. The school board reversed their decision. The kids were happy to have their principal back!
I was in college when i was been in loved. I'm always happy being with that guy. I thought he is the one for me. But happiness turned to loneliness. I realized love is different from attraction.
Grace and her dad were on a fishing trip. They had set out to catch some fish. After they found a spot they put in their lines. Grace had a bite and soon after a fish on the line. She reeled it in, what a whopper!
The man was riding his motorcycle to work everyday as normal. On a particularly narrow bend, he had to sneeze. While sneezing he closed his eyes. When his eyes opened a car had stopped in front of him. Reflexively, he avoided the car and made it work safely.
Brian little sister was always playing pranks on him. She once tied his shoe strings together. Another time she pushed him to a pool. Brian made his sister promise to stop with her pranks. She agreed to stop if he let her see his baseball collection.
Tony was going to a friends house for a sleepover. When he got there they were all outside in a tent. He decided to surprise them and try to scare them. Putting on his big hoody, he ran directly at the tent. Colliding with the tent, he tripped and broke his leg.
The couple was exhausted. THeir mattress was so uncomfortable! They couldn't get a good night's sleep. They bought a new mattress and had it delivered. It was such an improvement!
My daugher left all of her toys spread out in the back yard. I warned her that bad weather was coming. She did not listen to my warning. When the storm hit, it blew her toys all over the neighborhood. Now she is crying and roaming the neighborhood for them.
Jared made up his mind to join the army. He went down to the recruiting station, but he couldn't sign up. The recruiter told Jared that his health was too poor. Although dejected, Jared kept his head high. He vowed to get in better shape and try again.
Lilly had been struggling with anxiety ever since we was 3 Year's old. When her mom signed her up for ballet it didn't work out so well. But one year later she tried again. Now it is time for her first performance. The applause at the end of the dance made Lily feel so happy.
John was tasked the job of hiding the eggs for a egg hunt. It was Easter and the kids expected a challenge. So John did his best to hide the eggs as best as he can. He hid them to good cause kids only found ten eggs out of forty. John felt bad.
Janet was cooking thanksgiving dinner for the first time. She was nervous about it. When it came time to eat the turkey it was too dry. Everyone had trouble chewing. Janet was mortified by the mistake.
Jon had an argument with his dad. In a state of rage, he murdered his dad. He tried to run away but the police caught him. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to prison for life.
It was the year coming up to the millennium and Cody was scared. Everyone was saying it was the end of the world and technology. So to keep his mind off of it Cody played Pokemon Blue on his gameboy. After a few hours his mom came in his room and woke him up. He had passed the millennium by falling asleep with a gameboy in hand.
Daniel and his wife got a divorce. His wife made it very hard for him to see his children. He dressed up like a woman and got a job as their new housekeeper. One night, there was a big mistake and Daniel got caught in his lies. His wife took him to court but decided to drop the charges.
The man owned a burger shop. He lived there with his wife and three kids. One day he bought a new expensive knife for the restaurant. He soon became addicted to chopping. He chopped off his wife's head with the knife.
There was a black out on a dark night. Kate needed to find a candle. But she found a flashlight instead. She opened it and realized it had no batteries. She was angry to realize she was right back where she started.
Last night Lisa went to a dinner at a friends house. While eating, her friend took a phone call. Lisa was very upset about that. Her friend was on the phone right in front of her. Lisa didn't think it was very proper.
Tom used to a very jovial person. When the girl he wanted to meet stood him up that changed. Now he's much less gregarious. He still says he's looking for love. But we all think Tom's learned his lesson.
Amy was born into a poor family. They barely had anything. She often had to go without eating and clean clothes. One day Amy had enough with the misery. Amy killed herself in her room to escape the misery.
Caitlyn cousin was moving from Las Vegas to Sacramento. Her cousin had a truck and was driving there. But didn't want to go alone. So Caitlyn went to Las Vegas to drive with her cousin. They drove towards Sacramento and had a good trip.
Samuel has to be at school at eight o' clock. Samuel doesn't feel well. Samuel doesn't think that he will be able to go to school. Samuel tells his mother. Samuel's mother says it is okay if he misses school.
The family grew lots of basil in their garden. They picked it and put it in a food processor. They blended it up with cheese and olive oil. It made some delicious pesto. They couldn't wait to cook with it!
John was at a friends house. They were making dinner together. He started to slice carrots. Then he cut his finger. His friend got him a band-aid.
Kissie had always lived in New York and was punk rock. When she moved to Texas, she realized she'd stick out. Everyone stared at her and looked shocked at her NY style. So, she went and bought cowboy boots and hats to fit in. People stared even more because she had spiked hair with cowboy boots!
Gina wanted to make cookies. She walked to the store and bought a bag of cookie mix. Her parents, and siblings weren't at the house. Gina took the cookies from the oven and waited for them to cool. She had eaten half the cookies before her siblings returned home.
Maria loved riding her bike, and did it everyday. Her mother always told her to wear a helmet. She did while her mom was looking, but often took it off. One day her bike skidded sideways, and Maria cut her forehead. She regretted not listening when she had to get five stitches.
The family had three member for 2 Years. The dog knew something was about the change. When the mom went into labor, the dog was nervous acting. The baby was brought home. The dog never left the baby's side.
Kate's grandmother gave her a sweater for christmas. It was really ugly. Unfortunately Kate's grandmother made it herself. Kate had to wear it a few times to show she liked it. She took it off immediately after her grandmother left.
Danny is a little over weight. He does not want to become obese. One day he got a personal trainer at the gym. The personal trainer helped him get in shape. Now Danny is very fit.
Rex is starving hungry but he has no food at home. He feels too lazy to go to the grocery store. Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery. He eats a delicious stir fry with rice. Rex is so happy to have eaten something so good.
Mrs Brawner was a cruel teacher. She was very abusive to the kids. One of the girls in my class was always in trouble. She grabbed her pigtails and yanked them hard. She threatened her if she told anyone.
Josh liked to shove people in the hall. He was a bully. One day, Josh shoved Junior. Junior punched Josh in the face. Josh didn't shove people in the hall anymore.
Jess loved looking at image of cats. She was on her favorite website, searching for the latest cats. She found pages of new entries. After around ten minutes, she got bored. Jess stopped browsing and called for her kitty.
The elementary school was have a father-daughter dance. Lana's dad asked her to go. She picked out a dress. He took her to dinner. It was the perfect first dance.
Arthur Bomar stalked Amy Willard. He saw her in a bar and followed her out as she was leaving. As she drove on the highway, his car bumped hers and she pulled over. He abducted her, raped, and murdered her and dumped her body. He was caught and tried for murder with a jury finding him guilty.
Allie needed sunscreen. But she didn't want a big bottle. So she went to the drugstore. She found a very small bottle. It was a tenth of an ounce.
Jerry spent thousands of dollars on a high end computer. He also bought a new desk and several gaming peripherals. He took pictures of everything and posted them on a gaming forum. And everyone was impressed by Jerry's room and new computer. Jerry felt proud of everything he bought.
Jim wanted to get unique shoes that would standout at school. So he went to the shoe store and looked around. He saw gray basketball shoes and bought them. Everyone liked Jim's shoes and began to buy the same style. Jim didn't feel so unique afterwards.
I remember staying over at a friends house for a sleepover. We played games and watched movies. The next day we went swimming at his grandparents pool. After we got done I was changing out of my wet clothes in his room. His sister tried to scare me only to see me not wearing any boxers.
Elena asked Yany if she came come to the party tonight. Although Many didn't want to go, she said yes. During the party, Elena constantly tried to reach Yany. Yany knew she was calling and didn't respond. The next day, Yany lied to Elena on why she couldn't come.
There is dog name Peanut. Peanut is a pit bull who lives in a house with 5 kids. The kids love to pick on him. He wanted to be left alone. Peanut found himself a good hiding spot.
Anne was overwhelmed at worked. Her boss yelled at her for everything. One day Anne was offered a new job. She accepted it. Anne made the right decision to move on.
Emily babysat her cousin everyday. She was great at doing it, and enjoyed it so much. Emily wondered when she would be able to parent her own. She missed her period and went to the doctor that week. She found out that was pregnant with her own child.
Jeremy wants do something with his empty yard. He decides to build a shed. He gathers the materials over the next month. He then realizes it's too much work for just one person. He invites a bunch of friends over to help and it's done in no time.
Ken looked in the mirror as he prepared to leave and halted. He could see his nipples through his shirt. Ken realized he'd gotten very old and was sad. He didn't want to be fat, too, though. He found a sweatshirt to cover himself and went for his walk.
My wife has lot a lot of weight due to medication. She wants to gain a few pounds. I suggested buying energy or snack bars. We went to CVS and got two bars. She is going to eat them in between meals.
Dana needed money really bad. She had lost her job and was broke. She decided to be a stripper for fast cash. Her first night was horrible as she was groped and grabbed. She was so traumatized, she ran out and never returned.
Ed thought he would be nice to the geese the the pond near his office. He had some scraps left from his lunch. He walked down to the water to toss them to the geese. But a big one started chasing him to get to it. He didn't feed the geese after that.
A man tried many methods to improve his college exam scores. He found one method that seemed to be the best. He would recreate the test environment as best he could. He would practice in that environment. He noticed he performed better on tests due to this.
Frank went to a Italian restaurant. He got some lasagna. Frank eat it. Frank finished it. It was delicious.
Suzy was hungry. So she went to go get pizza. When she got pizza it was her favorite. She told her friends about it. She couldn't wait to go back.
Jen took Lucy to ER. She did not feel good. Doctor saw them immediately. They run some tests on Lucy. They found out she had food poisoning.
Audrey baked a chocolate cheese cake for her lover. He tasted it and thought it was delicious. He rubbed it all over her body. Audrey slapped him, saying it wasn't time for that. They watched Game of Thrones instead and enjoyed the cake.
Shep had dreams of being hollywood movie star. After hundreds of rejected auditions he finally received a call back. He thought this could be his big break. He was wrong. He was just the guy waving in the new Chevy car commercial.
Lisa was eating pint of ice cream. She loved the ice cream so much. She ate the entire pint in ten minutes. Afterwards she was full. She went and bought another one.
Zack was nine Years old. He wanted to be an adult so bad. Adults got to drive and stay up late. Later on Zack became an adult. He finally realized how easy he had it as a kid.
I was in college when i learned how to bake a cake. Since then i always try to bake in our home. One day i tried to bake for my brother's birthday and they like it. They told me i should try baking more and sell it. So they help me to provide all my needs for my bakery.
I was 17 Year's old when I fell in love with vinyl records. It first began when my uncle left me his vinyl records after he died. At first I hesitated about playing the records, fearing phantasms. Later, however, I finally worked up the courage to play them. I immediately fell in love with them.
Ken found a dog near his house. He was really friendly and smart. Ken didn't notice a collar or any identification. Several months later ken saw a sign for a similar looking missing dog. Ken ignored it because he wanted to keep it.
Caleb listened as his friend babbled on about Pokemon. Caleb told him that he was in his 20's now and didn't care about that. The next day, Pokemon Go was released. He was walking to class, when he saw all of his friends in a group. They told him they were playing Pokemon, and Caleb was left in shock.
The couple took a trip to Vegas. They had never been before. All of the lights were amazing! They partied and gambled. It was fun to get away for a bit.
Yesterday, I got into a fight with my best friend. I don't know what happened. We just started yelling at each other. Luckily, we made up. I'll be more careful when I see her today.
Maggie favorite thing is to have her hair cut and styled. She made an appointment with Ashley who cuts her hair. She arrived early and had to wait 10 minutes before she was called. Ashley asked what she wanted done and then began cutting and styling. The appointment took 1 hour and her hair looked great.
For Easter, Jilly uncle gave her a baby chick. Her parents were not happy about it. They built a little coup for it outside. Jilly took great care of her chick who grew big and strong. She lived a happy life for almost ten years!
I have and electrical outlet that does not work. I tried to take it apart and fix the problem. The outlet still did not work so I called a professional. The outlet cost me forty dollars to have fixed correctly. I was glad I called in a professional so I did not get hurt.
I had a crush when i am in college. One day he sat beside me. We began to talk to each other and became friends. Since then, we often go out together. Until he proposed to me and we became couples.
I was walking my dog one afternoon. While walking on the sidewalk, I noticed something in the grass. I walked over to the object to see what it was. I noticed that it was twenty dollars and became excited. I picked up the money and put it in my wallet.
My friend could talk exactly like pee wee herman. We talked like him for fun after school. Sometimes we went to his house to watch the show. We would make popcorn and sit on the floor. We laughed and had a lot of fun.
Leroy was a boy but always felt like a girl. He had been very confused his whole life. His friends urged him to become a transsexual. He decided instead to seek gender dysphoria counseling. This was much easier for him, than to become transsexual.
Rico was a womanizer. He had 10 girlfriends. One day, the girlfriends discovered each other's existence. They ambushed Rico and tied him up. Then they had a massive orgy and Rico had to watch.
Three burglars returned from a successful jewelry heist. In their hideout, they tried to divide the loot. They couldn't agree on the value of a particular necklace. To solve the dispute, they took it to be assessed. The assessor recognized it and turned them in.
Kelly hurried home from school. She checked the mailbox, but it was too late. Her parents had already retrieved her report card and opened it. They sat Kelly down and said how disappointed they were. They they grounded Kelly for three weeks!
Chris loved garbage day. Every Monday he gathered all of his trash and placed it near the curb. He disliked useless things and he viewed trash as useless. One day he saw some birds pecking at his trash. He still loved garbage day but realized trash wasn't totally useless.
Butch was the pepsi guy where I worked. He had a crush on me. He came through my line asking me out. I always said no. He finally gave up before I quit.
Sam was feeling bad. He wasn't sure what it was. A friend suggested drinking more water. Sam gave it a try. It made him feel a bit better.
It was February and the Christmas tree was still up. Janice had a daughter. She died on Christmas day. Janice was depressed. On Valentine's Day she slit her wrists.
While I was in Hawaii, I was able to golf at Kapalua. It was something I really wanted to do, since it was a famous course. The staff were friendly and helpful. The course was in amazing shape. I had one of my best rounds and best experiences golfing there.
Sally like the Christmas season. Full of cheer and seasons greetings. But she loved cocoa with marshmallows. Her mom made a wonderful Christmas breakfast for her. And included a huge mug full of cocoa with marshmallows for Sally.
Yesterday I went to NYC to see the thanksgiving parade. It was very fun. I loved seeing all the floats. My friends and I had a great time. We couldn't wait to come back next year.
Doug slept with Tracy. Tracy slept with Mr Washington. Mr Washington slept with McKevin. Tracy, Doug, McKevin and Mr Washington went to the doctor. They used condoms and recieved clean bill of health.
Fred invited Lucy it the movies. He asked her on a date. She said yes. Fred then kissed her. It was their first kiss.
Robin is sixty Year's old and ready to retire. She looks at her options to see if she can retire. She is ready but if she works five more Year's she'll have more money. Her pension plan will have almost double the amount if she waits. Robin decides to tough it out for five more Year's.
Chelsea was talking to the manager. The manager worked at a wedding chapel. Chelsea was trying to schedule a date for her wedding. Nothing seemed to be working out. Chelsea took out her rage on the woman and stabbed her 27 times.
Minh was born in Eastern Asia and never had parents. She spent five years in an overcrowded orphanage. Then she was adopted by a wealthy European couple. They showered her with gifts and love. Minh is sure she's now the happiest child in the world!
My husband has gross, long toenails that he refuses to cut. Last night he stabbed me in the leg while we were both asleep. The cut wouldn't stop bleeding, so we went to the hospital. I ended up needing three stitches to keep the gash closed. Meanwhile, my husband and doctor were both laughing the whole time.
Carl was 6 foot 2 and weighed 220 pounds. He was a harry black man and didn't think he was handsome. His two friends said he really needed a girlfriend. They forced him to approach a girl he thought was cute. He approached a white girl in a hallway and she hollered in fear.
Tom wanted to meet new people. Tom liked using the internet. Tom found an online chat room. Tom found a new friend. Tom became good friends with this new person.
Cindy use to work for a call center. She was a very hard worker. One day she got a call from a grumpy old man. The man chewed her out for no reason. Cindy ended up quitting her job.
Tom had recently gotten a good raise at work. He had become tired of his old furniture. He decided to buy all new stuff. He talked to an interior decorator about it. Together they got great new pieces.
Tim liked spicy food. He was eating with friends. There was some hot sauce. Tim figured he could eat a lot without it burning. He was right and enjoyed the flavor.
Misty was at home feeling hungry. She wanted to make a sandwich. She looked in the fridge but there weren't any ham. She saw a carton of eggs, though. She made an egg sandwich instead.
Lucy wanted to go to a friends. She was waiting for her grandpa to finish his lunch. As she sat he offered her a sandwich. All Lucy wanted was to go to the friends. She waited thinking he ate way too slow.
I wanted to make cool boy eggs for easter. My son went with me to pick them out. We couldn't find any we liked. We decided to boil eggs and crack them before dying. They then looked like dinosaur eggs.
Rhonda and Rich broke up after three Year's. Rich was mostly bummed about no more snacks. Rhonda was a chef and always brought home leftovers. It had only been a week when they ran into each. They met up that night and had break up snacks all night.
Gina was being dropped of at her grandma's. She hadn't wanted to go, but she had no choice. As she pulled up she saw her cousins sitting on the porch. Gina felt a sense of dread. She hated spending time with her stuck up cousins.
Tom bought a lottery ticket. He didn't pay much attention to it. After a few days he decided to check to see if he won. Surprisingly Tom matched several numbers. He wound up winning a few thousand dollars.
Jane was shopping in the mall. A little girl walked close to her. She was naked while holding a dirty diaper. Jane tried to walk away from the girl. However, the girl continued to follow her.
Liza was a star student in her high school. She walked home from the library one evening. A man pulled her into the alley and started groping her. Liza pulled out her pepper spray but it malfunctioned. Some students noticed the attacker and he fled.
Our neighbor 's 4 year old son Herman loved to swim. He used the pool often with his mom and dad. When he came he always wanted his dad to take leaves out of the pool. His father said Herman was afraid the leaves would get hurt. I said Herman was a bit of a Buddhist.
I almost went to my senior prom. I worked at the guidance office. The counselor wanted to introduce me to a girl. She wanted me to take her to the prom. I didn't ask her to go.
Gina had been battling acne for Years and tried so many products. One of her friends suggested that she see a dermatologist. After some thought, she made an appointment with the dermatologist. The doctor suggested several products for her to try. Gina was so happy she went, because her complexion greatly improved.
Yesterday I got a kindle book. It was great. I liked the book a lot. I read it in two days. It was impressive.
Maggie's favorite Youtubers put out a new video. Maggie was excited to watch it. She watched the whole thing one night. When she was done, she left a comment. After that, she shared the video online.
My friends took me to the back of their house. Jeffrey pulled out a cigarette. He asked if I tried it before and I said no. He forced me to try it. When I took a puff, I started to cough.
John was putting up christmas lights. He was on top of a shaky ladder. The ladder tipped over and john fell. He hurt his back and had to call for help. His wife took him to the hospital.
Tina is a beautiful administrative assistant. She flaunts her beauty in front of her married boss. He tries to woo her with money and goods. She seduces her boss. Her boss and wife get divorced and he marries his assistant.
Lucy parents have just completed remodel of her new bathroom. She was excited to try it out. The bathroom door became stuck. Lucy was trapped inside. Her little brother had to rescue Lucy by breaking down the door.
Candy came home to find a homeless family on their doorstep. She invited them in to stay the night. But in the morning they wouldn't leave. Candy took them to a shelter. Everyone was happy with the outcome.
Boris needed money. He decided to hold up a bank. He used a fake gun. The police officer at the bank realized the gun was fake. The police officer shot Boris and arrested him.
Ed was decorating his home for the holidays. He had a string of lights he wanted to put up. He couldn't find anywhere that they would fit. Suddenly, he had the idea to wrap it around a banister. He did, and it looked great.
Donald has taken the train to work for three Year's. He decides that he wants to start biking to work instead. Donald buys a high quality but reasonably priced bike. From that day forward, he begins biking to work every day. Donald is happy that he doesn't take the train any longer.
Esma was in jail for ten Year's. Her release date finally arrived. Esma was released from jail and set free. She breathed in deeply and cried with joy. After ten Years, she was finally a free woman!
The farmer woke up early everyday. He had a lot of tasks to do. He walked into the barn to pick the eggs. The next thing he did was milk the cows. The farmer took a break as the sun came up.
Fred agreed to that his little sister out to the mall on Saturday. She had looked forward to this all week long. They walked for fifteen minutes to the nearby mall. They had a great time just hanging out and window shopping. They had a quick lunch and returned home hours later.
Rayana started dating Jake when she 17. They were so in love and married when she turned 18. Shortly after they were married, they discovered Jake had a newborn. Jake's ex-girlfriend kept her pregnancy a secret the whole time. Now Rayana is a step mom at just 18 years old.
Joseph never thought he'd get caught picking up a hooker. He usually drives right past a girl selling herself. The other day, however, he saw an Asian girl standing alone outside. He drove up on the side of her and asked for her company. She took his money for sex, then the police came from behind his car.
Baxter has always wanted to finish read a science fiction novel. He walks down to the local library to see if they have a good one. His librarian recommends a terrific novel about aliens and planets. Baxter loves the book so much he finishes it in two days. He is very happy to have read a science fiction novel.
I became obsessed with ferrets as a child. I begged my father to get one for me. I did lots of research and showed him how serious I was. He was convinced I knew what I was doing. He finally got me 2 ferrets for my birthday.
The kids needed a snack. Their mom gave them a plate of cheese. They gobbled it up in a minute. She cut some more and put it on the plate. They were so hungry they knew they'd finish that, too!
Today my family is moving out of our apartment we've had for 3 years. As we're leaving, my brother leans close to me and whispers in my ear. He tells me he's masturbated in every room in the house. Then he winks at me and tells me but my room was the best. Now I've got to find some type of lock for my new room.
Doris was an elderly woman who was loved by all who knew her. She liked to sit on her sunny porch every afternoon. When Doris went for an eye exam the doctor was concerned. He noticed a suspicious mole above her right eye and took a biopsy. The mole was determined to be melanoma which ended her life.
Romina spent all night laying bed awake. Her anxiety has been getting worse lately. She finally managed to get herself out of bed. She made some calming tea. She sat as she waited for the feeling to pass.
Joe needed to clean his fish bowl. So he put his fish in another bowl full of water. Joe grabbed his bowl and began to clean it. After Joe cleaned his bowl he put his fish in the bowl. He was glad to clean the bowl.
There was a very powerful women. The women married a powerful man. The couple decided to have a child. Once the child was born they named it. The name was Ariel, after the mermaid.
All of Aaron's friends were big on drugs. Aaron wanted to steer clear of it. They started pressuring him to snort some cocaine. Aaron declined but they forced him to. After that, Aaron realized they weren't true friends.
The new tv was a smart unit. It had all the boy's favorite apps on it. He was excited to see netflix already there. He logged in almost immediately. He watched anime cartoons all afternoon.
I was spending a week in new york. I had no transportation or money for a cab. I decided to take a subway to work. I went to the subway station and it was crowded. I rode for an hour very uncomfortably.
I took my daughter to the tory store today. She picked out the cutest little doll. We also got her some dresses and a crib for the doll. My daughter was very happy. She took it home and played with her the rest of the day.
My friend was Jewish. He didn't celebrate Christmas. I invited him to my Christmas party regardless. He said that he loved Christmas so he would come to the party. I was surprised at his religious tolerance!
We had a party last weekend. My wife's family members attended. Some of her coworkers came. My wife's niece danced and yelled "Who said white people can't dance? " There were black people there but they said nothing.
Jack to an engineering class. Jack learned many things. Jack hoped to learn how to work with wood. His teacher showed him how to make a box. Now he has his own handmade box.
Horace has been living in an expensive apartment for two Year's. He knows he is living beyond his means, but he doesn't want to move. Finally Horace decides to look for a new place. He finds an apartment in a much less desirable part of town. He is happy to be saving money but sad to leave his nice apartment.
Betty was five Year's old and loved to go to restaurants. Every weekend she would beg her mother to take her out to eat. One weekend, her mother took her to a Mexican restaurant. Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her. For many weeks after, Betty did not ask to go out to eat.
Shia was the lead singer of a band. So Shia had the tendency to be a dick. He had entitlement issues and was very selfish. He didn't care that his band hated him. When he came to practice today he was no longer the band's lead singer.
Madelynn wanted to go to her friends house for a sleepover. Her mother said she could go and be with her friends. She went to her friends house and they were glad she was there. All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night. Madelynn had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again.
I remember, it was my first day in school in college i was so afraid. I'm afraid to interact with new people and afraid to be alone. I don't know where to find my room and i don't know whom to ask. So i decide to leave the school and go to the park. I called my friend and she came to comfort and accompany me.
My downstairs neighbors are from the deep south. Their whole family goes to a loud, Baptist church. One of the young sons has decided to take up Islam. He believes he is being rebellious and cool by doing that. I saw him today praying on a dirty piece of cardboard in the yard.
Gisela was hired by Michael to be his escort. When she arrived at his place, he tried to lick her toes. Gisela told him that wasn't part of the contract. Michael offered to pay her $500 more. Gisela agreed and then realized she liked her toes being licked.
One evening while driving home from work. Reba and her kids notice a weird sound coming from the car. The car starts to slow down and Reba pulls over. They all get out of the car and the car begins to smoke. Reba and her kids have to hitchhike their way back into town.
The teacher reviewed the lesson class class. She also asked if anyone had questions. Ben said something perverted and the entire class laughed. The teacher didn't find it funny and suspended Ben. He couldn't go to school for a week.
Fred was watching the nba finals. But all of the sudden his tv went out. At first he thought it was the cable. But it was actually the tv. Fred was so mad about it.
Phil loved to smoke cigarettes everyday. Phil smoked for several years, and developed a hard cough. The cough was so annoying, one day Phil went to his doctor. The doctor told Phil he should stop smoking, or have more problems. Phil decided to quit smoking cigarettes.
Drake was doing chores around his farm. His sheep needed food and he was out of the store-bought stuff. He decided to give them some nice greens from dinner. The sheep loved it and ate it all up quickly. He decided to feed his sheep like that more often.
Tom was at starbucks trying to get a coffee. The service was pretty slow. By the time he got his drink it was already cool. Tom complained to the people working. They apologized and offered him a new drink.
Steven Wanted to go Japan. He never had enough money to go. Steven would always spend all his money on junk food. One day Steven won the lottery. He was able to eat all the junk food he wanted in Japan.
Team Impact came to my hometown. I took a few people. We took some fliers. We hung them on people's doors. I didn't get to see them perform.
Kelley wore her favorite t shirt. She was running through the walkway with it. Then all the sudden it got caught. It ended up ripping. Kelley was not happy.
Courtney loved going to the waterpark. Water slides were her favorite thing to do! She went down each slide a dozen times. When she was tired, she sat down and had a popsicle. Once she was rested, she was ready to slide again!
Ray and Mitch began drinking one night in Ray's house. They both got very drunk. Ray even tripped but Mitch caught him. In that moment they stared deeply in each other's eyes. They knew it was love but didn't say anything.
I grew up with violence. Everyone thought we were a happy family. My parents acted close to me in public. Behind closed doors, they started beating me. They became very emotionally and mentally abusive.
After trying a long time a married woman finally conceived a baby. Unfortunately after a very short time she lost the child. Her husband assured her that they could try again. Two months later the couple conceived again. This time the baby made it full term and was very healthy.
My friend sam has a n obsessive compulsive disorder. He tends to focus on one thing, and one thing only! He loves riding his bike on long, 2 or three hour trips. Yesterday he left to go to Toledo. He just called me from Detroit.
Matt was a wealthy doctor, but he was quite lonely. He decided on a way to keep his mind off his loneliness. He joined a charity club to offer medical services in the Third World. In Asia, he doctored a beautiful woman and they quickly fell in love. When Matt returned home, he brought her with him- as his wife!
Jacque was triggered. Someone had called her fat. She knew she wasn't fat, just big boned. She cried and tried to get them expelled from university. Nothing happened to the student, and Jacque ate for consolation.
When i'm in grade school my favorite color is pink. Almost all my stuff was color pink. But when we were at the shopping mall i saw a red mirror. Then i decided to change all my stuff to color red. From that day my favorite color is red.
Aaron came from a wealthy family, but he was curious about the ghetto. He and his cousin Chuck drove into the city of Compton. They turned into the drive-thru of the famous Tommy's Burgers. At the check-out window they got their food and a gun in their faces. Aaron gave up his Suburban truck and went walking for a pay phone.
After a semester of hard work, I finally got an A in my math class. I had attended every lecture, no matter how boring it was. I did every homework assignment, even the difficult ones. Although I wanted to quit, I persevered through the class. I'm proud of my grade.
Colin wanted to impress his would be girlfriend. He was proving his leg strength by jumping from rooftop to rooftop. During his last jump, something went wrong. Colin was sandwiched between the two buildings. The fire department eventually got him out a few hours later.
Ken loved going to church. He spent time with family. He got to learn valuable lessons. They even went to eat after. He made sure to go every Sunday.
Carlos mom wanted a ipad for Christmas. So Carlos ordered a brand new white ipad for her. It arrived a week before Christmas. He wrapped it up. During Christmas he gave her the ipad and she loved it.
Rashid had a brother who wanted to join Isis. Rashid was very worried and called the police. The police showed up at Rashid's door. They interrogated Rashid's brother. The brother said Isis meant Institute of Science in Schools.
I was driving home from my doctors appointment when I seen a dog. I pulled over and opened the car door. The dog jumped right in. I brought him home and posted his picture online. No one claimed him, so he is now my dog.
Tom was taking his meds. He mixed them in his drink. A friend didn't realize it. They took and drank Tom's drink. Tom had to take them to the hospital.
Ed wanted to do well on his road test. He studied the manual carefully. He did well on his written test! Then he had his driving test. He passed the test with flying colors!
George loved playing hide and seek. While playing he hid under a rug. His playmates couldn't find him. He had difficulty breathing and was unable to get from under the rug. He died of asphyxiation.
Joe needed some heaters cause winter was coming. So Joe went online on his computer to get some. Joe ordered two of them. The arrived a week later. Joe was set for winter.
Ray takes a trip to paris. He has never been there before. He visits the Eiffel tower. He stays there for a week. It was the best trip he's ever taken.
Janet had been working at her company for several Year's. After a co worker retired, they hired a new person to take their place. Janet did not get along with the new coworker. They constantly butted heads. However, eventually they came to an understanding and became friends.
I would walk by a beautiful flower everyday on my way to work. It seemed to become more vibrant with each passing day. One day, I noticed that it was limp. Finally, the flower died. I realized that all good things must come to an end.
When I was leaving a friends house I saw a nice fan by the dumpster. It was missing the base but looked good so I took it home. I plugged it in and it worked fine so I built a base for it. I found out the remote for my other fan works with this fan too. Now I can keep cool with two fans blowing on me.
Dani dad criticizes her weight constantly before summer ended. She tried everything to stop her from eating so much. Dani knows that obesity runs in her family causing sickness. Dani goes to school the following week and joins Soccer. She starts conditioning and loses weight and her father is proud.
I decided take a trip to Malaysia. I boarded the flight. It seemed to be going well until I realized I forgot my wallet. I arrived in Malaysia with no money. Luckily, the embassy helped me secure emergency funds!
Christmas was only two weeks away, but Jenny still needed a few gifts. What should she make for her nine cousins? Not candy - last year's caramels became a horrible sticky mess. A gingerbread sugar scrub would be perfect, she decided. When it was done, she had nine fragrant jars - the perfect gift!
A woman was a racial minority. She was forced to sit in the back of the bus. She decided that she didn't like that. She went to sit in the front of the bus. She changed history forever.
Jane wanted to learned chess. Jane read books on how to play. Jane played Eric in a game of chess and lost. Eric helped Jane get better at Chess. Jane eventually beat Eric at chess.
My mom's boyfriend got me a present for Christmas. Usually he doesn't, so I was excited to open it. It's a bottle of Proactiv solution. He smiles really big and asks me if I like it. He says he wants to start including me in family pictures.
Stacey and her friends we're excited to have a pizza party. Pizza was their absolute favorite food. The girls got together at Stacey's house and started cooking. After they got everything ready they took it out of the oven. The pizza looked and tasted delicious.
Tim had rented a DVD out of a automated stand. When he got home, he discovered the DVD was scratched. It wouldn't play. Tim called the distributing company. They gave him three free rental credits for the trouble.
Tom was hanging up christmas lights. He used an old extension cord to plug some in. Tom noticed some sparks coming from the chord. He decided to unplug it and throw it away. He bought a new one to be safe.
I had a slow car. But, I wanted to take part in the local racing club. So, I decided to upgrade my car. After thousands of dollars in expenses, my car became quite fast! My car was able to beat many other racers at the local club.
My eye doctor recommend these pair of glasses for only $50 dollars. After purchasing it, I decided to try them on. They were good for an instant, until it splits in half. I tried putting it back together and it couldn't work. My doctor ended up looking for a better alternative.
I wanted my relatives to our know our family history. I collected old pictures from family reunions. I photocopied old obituaries that contained our family history. I interviewed older relatives to fill in the blanks. Now my family can see our history on the Facebook account I created.
Rufus hasn't seen his best friend for three Year's. He decides it is finally time to visit his best friend. Rufus takes the long bus ride to Pennsylvania. When he is reunited with his best friend, Rufus is happy. He decides he will never go so long without seeing his best friend.
Tor Bjorn thought he was going insane. He was at a bar again, trying to pick up chicks. He saw a girl being coerced to follow a guy to his car at the bar. Tor stepped in and squared up to the guy. The guy hit Tor so hard his jaw shattered.
Bernie bought a set a golf clubs with high expectations. He had never played but hoped to be good. When he went to the gold course, he tried to swing a few times. He thought he was pretty good so he tried it with a ball. He swung the club but ended up on the ground with the ball intact.
Allie lost her leg in an accident. She had to get it removed. It was painful. But luckily she got a prosthetic. It worked great.
Eric sat at his desk and feel sleepy. During lunch he had a hard time eating his food. His co-workers told him that he should see a doctor. After work he went to see his doctor. The doctor gave Eric some pills and said he would be fine.
To advertise his business, James make promotional pens. He handed them to people on the street. A person kept asking how much he was selling the pens for. James had to explain that the pens were free. The person was skeptical and refused to accept one.
I adopted two dogs a few Year's ago, a male and a female. The adoption place never informed me that they weren't fixed. They ended up have eight puppies together! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies. I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs.
Tim had smoked for many Year's. He really wanted to quit! So he bought special gum and patches to help him. It was hard, but he persevered. In a few months he had quit for good!
Ida was pregnant. Her husband knew to expect some strange cravings. But Ida surprised him with her first craving. She didn't request anything weird like peanut butter and pickles. Instead, she wanted a plain, ordinary cheeseburger and fries!
The CHristmas Pageant was quickly approaching. The children had been practicing their songs for months. They knew all the lyrics and dance moves. When it was time to perform, half of them cried. They were too scared to go on stage!
Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah. Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins. Matthew's mom suggested Mathew try calling Jack. Jack agreed to trick or treat with Matthew. Jack and Matthew collected lots of candy.
Ted and Jim were in love. Ted's did not want his family to know he was gay. Jim came over to his apartment one night. Ted stabbed him to death. He was arrested.
I was at home watching tv. Suddenly, the lights went out. There was no power in my house. I realized I never paid the light bill. After I paid the bill the lights were back on.
Ann to tickets to the hottest fashion show of the season. She was very much excited to go but she had to take a bus for it. It took about an hour for the bus to come but then it was late. Ann was stuck on the bus for four hours. She thought she would never get there but eventually she did.
I was bored of only using netflix. I called the cable company one day. I decided to buy a cable service. The cable guy showed up the next day. He installed cable for me and it was great.
Lucy wanted her grandpa to take her to a friends house. But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church. Lucy's grandma was cooking and wouldn't take her. She wanted to wake grandpa, but grandma forbade it. Lucy was stuck at the house until he awoke on his own.
She teacher expressed how disappointed she is. She returned our essay responses from last week. My paper was filled with red marks and comments. I asked her if she can explain my errors. She rolled her eyes in front of me.
Tyler made fun of Maryann for being a girl. He said she wasn't as good at anything like boys are. Maryann challenged him to his favorite video game. She destroyed him. Tyler doesn't make fun of girls anymore.
Jojo wanted to go to the top of the sears tower. But, he lived in Malaysia. Jojo bought a plane ticket to chicago. Jojo took a taxi to the Sears Tower. Jojo took the elevator to the top of the tower!
Jane wanted a power wheels for christmas. Her parents told her they couldn't afford one. Jane understood and wasn't too upset. Christmas morning she noticed a big box by the tree. Jane's parents surprised her with the gift she wanted.
Bob felt his pants and realized he has lost his wallet. He frantically tried to remember where he has been today. He called the barbershop that he got his haircut earlier. They answered and told him they have his wallet. Overjoyed, Bob drove back to the barbershop to pick up his wallet.
David loves to play video games and plays them everyday. He's about to graduate high school and doesn't want to go to college. He isn't interested in anything except playing video games. His mom suggested he create his own and that inspired David. He applied for college the next day to get a computer science degree.
The teacher mentioned to the class that some his stuff was stolen. Since it occurred in the classroom, he asked if anyone took it. No one in the class responded. As a result, he suspended everyone in the class. They couldn't go to school until next week.
A few years ago, I went camping with a group of my friends. We planned in a advance so we would have everything we needed. When we all arrived, we discovered we had forgotten the tent poles. I got depressed that the trip was ruined, but Hannah had an idea. She suggested tying the tent up to trees, and it worked!
Anthony was known in the community for using crack. But people didn't know he couldn't pay his water bill. One evening Anthony twisted his water-hose on his neighbor's faucet. He came back to turn the faucet off. But his neighbor came from the side and struck Anthony with a stick.
My wife was abusive. One time, she gave me a black eye. I went to the police station to report what she had done. The police arrested my wife and she was sentenced to prison. I was happy that I no longer had to fear her.
Adam built a scale model of his bedroom, in a dollhouse. He also built little people, and little pets. Adam showed his efforts to the woman he was dating. She laughed and mocked him for being so childish. He beat her to death, and painted the dollhouse walls with her blood.
I posted an ad to Craigslist that I was looking for a connection. As an 18 year old single mother with two kids, it's hard to find them. I was very excited when a man responded to my ad. However the jerk asked me for nude pictures! I told him no because I'm a lady with self-respect!
Susie was having a party. She decided to have it on her dad's yacht. She was really looking forward to it. But as it turned out no one could come. So she was left alone.
Billy was five Year's old. He noticed that when he ate, his tooth felt funny. He began to wiggle the tooth around. The tooth got very loose and fell out. Billy got a quarter from the tooth-fairy.
Billy had been feeling ill for most the day. When his unit went on patrol that night, the retching became too much. Tripping his way through the darkness to vomit, he slid down a slope. Alarmed by his disappearance, his unit frantically searched for him. The slope was only a slight drop, and Billy sheepishly rose, safe.
Steve started hanging out with some older kids from school. They hung out after school and picked on smaller kids. One day, they decided to get some cigarettes. They tried smoking, but Steve got sick to his stomach. Once he felt better, he decided to seek out some new pals.
